


Rrrr Ting


I'll admit it, I'll admit it
Watch your motherfuckin' tone boy
Get hurt boy
Aww here go another mo'fucker that don't understand the concept of puttin' money first boy (first)
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work boy (work)
I'm 'bout to hit you with the work boy (work)
I hate comin' through stuntin' on niggas that I know, ahh that's the worst boy (worst)
I'll admit it, I'll admit it
You haven't been a man for like a minute
I told you that I'm in it for the long haul
You can really get the business
I'll admit it, I'll admit it
Rolling swishers hittin' swishes
Got me feelin' like a ball hog
I don't pass 'em when I get it
I'll admit it, I'll admit it
You too worried 'bout the bitches
I got one girl, and she my girl, and nobody else can hit it
She'll admit it, she'll admit it
She ain't fuckin' with you niggas
And just like every single other thing in my life
You can have her when I'm finished
I hear the talk on road is I'm the shit boy
Phone call back home, shit is hot up in the 6 boy
Shit hot up in the 6 right now shit hot up in the 6 boy
Shit is hot up in the 6 right now
Come see us and get it fixed boy
Black Benz on the road boy
Already had a Rolls Royce
Sold a couple Bentley last week, them were my old toys
I give a fuck about old boy
I give a fuck about his squad boy
I give a fuck about your mob boy
I'm the real 6 God boy
I'm about to say a true thing
I'm about to say a true thing
You was poppin' back when Usher wore a U-chain
God damn you changed
I put it on 'erything, it's a Rrr Ting
It's a OVO come through murk things
I know you heard things
Bitch I know you heard things
Yeah, I know you heard things
I'm not new to this
Coming from the motherfucking 6 side
I'm not new to this
Niggas wouldn't make it on this side
I'm not new to this
I'm not new, I'm not new
Yeah, I know you heard things
Nobody really likes us except for us
Yeah, all I ever needed was the squad so that's what's up
Yeah, my sound got the whole city a way right now
So I don't give a fuck about what anybody sayin' right now


"That's the shit I'm talking 'bout though, like you changed up, you don't even fuckin' link nobody no more, you just dash me away like a cyattie. Yo, you cheesed me dog."


Always felt like my vision been bigger than the bigger picture
Crazy how you gotta wait until it's dark out
To see who really with you
Crazy how even when it miss you
Shit'll come back around and get you
Crazy like all my niggas, crazy like all my niggas
Remember? I deleted all my other girls' numbers out the phone for you
Remember? When you had to take the bar exam
I drove in the snow for you
You probably don't remember half the shit a nigga did for you


Yeah, you ain't really fuck with me way back then
But how 'bout now?
Cause I'm up right now, and you suck right now
Oh, you thought you had it all figured out back then
Girl how 'bout now?
Cause I'm up right now, and you suck right now, yeah
You thought the little effort that you put in was enough, girl
How 'bout now? Yeah
Girl, how 'bout now, how 'bout now, girl?
What about now, girl, how 'bout now?


My heart belongs to you


Yeah, always been daddy's little angel
I bought your dad a bunch of shit for Christmas
He ain't even say thank you
I had no money left from actin', I was focused on the music
I used to always try and burn you CDs of my new shit
You be like "who's this?" I be like "me, girl"
You be like "oh, word, true shit?"
Then ask if we could listen to Ludacris
And car rides made me feel like I was losin' it
Yeah, made me feel I ain't have it like that
Or I was average like that
Started drinkin' way more than I used to
People form habits like that, girl
Yeah, man enough to tell you I was hurt that year
I'm not even Christian, I still went to church that year
Guess I just had to pretend that year
I ain't even see my friends that year
Places that I should've been




My hearts belongs to you
Whatever you need, there's nothin' I won't do (x4)




Fuck bein' on some chill shit
We go 0 to 100 nigga, real quick
They be on that rap-to-pay-the-bill shit
And I don't feel that shit, not even a little bit
Oh Lord, know yourself, know your worth, nigga
My actions been louder than my words, nigga
How you so high, but still so down to Earth, nigga
If niggas wanna do it, we can do it on they turf, nigga
Oh Lord, I'm the rookie and the vet
Shoutout to the bitches out here holdin' down the set
All up in my phone, lookin' at pictures from the other night
She gon' be upset if she keep scrollin' to the left, dawg
She gon' see some shit that she don't wanna see
She ain't ready for it
If I ain't the greatest then I'm headed for it
That mean I'm way up
The 6 ain't friendly but it's where I lay up
This shit a mothafuckin' lay up
I been Steph Curry with the shot
Been cookin' with the sauce, chef, curry with the pot, boy
360 with the wrist, boy
Who the fuck them niggas is, boy?
OVO, man we really with the shits, boy
Really with the shits
I should prolly sign to Hit-Boy cause I got all the hits, boy
Fuck all that "Drake you gotta chill" shit
I be on my Lil Mouse drill shit
Fuck all that rap-to-pay-your-bill shit
I'm on some Raptors-pay-my-bills shit
All up on TV, I thought it'd make me richer
Wasn't payin' me enough, I needed somethin' quicker
So now I'm all in Niko's basement puttin' work in on the phones
Either that or drive to Money Mart to make the pickups
Man it's 2008, I'm tryna paint the picture
Comeback Season in the works and now I'm thinkin' bigger
I got 40 in the studio, every night, late night
Gotta watch that shit, don't want to make him sicker
That's my nigga
Oh Lord, got a whole lot to show for it
I mean we can really get it, we can go for it
I'm just here for the bucks and the billis, nigga
Don't make me kill one of the GOATs for it
I run this shit, they like "Go Forrest
Run Forrest, run Forrest, go Forrest"
Yeah, I mean you already wrote for us
Damn, nigga, what's one more quote for us?
Oh Lord, who else soundin' like this?
They ain't make me what I am, they just found me like this
I was ready... fuck that, I've been ready
Since my dad used to tell me he was comin' to the house to get me
He ain't show up
Valuable lesson, man I had to grow up
That's why I never ask for help
I'll do it for you niggas and do it for myself


I go 0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, whole squad on that real shit
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, real fuckin' quick, nigga
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, whole squad on that real shit
0 to 100, nigga, real quick
Real quick, real fuckin' quick, nigga




Whole squad on that real shit
Whole squad on that real shit
Whole squad on that real shit


The other night, Lavish Lee told me that I'm all these people listen to
She said they love me unconditional
Imagine how it feel to watch another nigga at the top
You know that if you wasn't you, you would be dissin' you, dawg
Damn, okay, from that perspective
I see what you're talkin' 'bout, no way to soften that
Cause me, I was tryna find out where I lost 'em at
But maybe I ain't lose 'em at all
Maybe I keep movin' forward and they're just stagnant, they ain't movin' at all
But when they need a favor, who do they call?
Maybe I'm searchin' for the problems, askin' what was said and who was involved
Too focused on people's feedback and provin' 'em wrong
They say the shoe can always fit, no matter whose foot it's on
These days feel like I'm squeezin' in 'em
Whoever wore 'em before just wasn't thinkin' big enough
I'm 'bout to leave 'em with 'em
Cause if I run in the game in these, man the seams are splittin'
No pun intended but they're smellin' defeat in the air
Headed where nobody took it, who meetin' me there?
They tell him that he's talkin' crazy but he doesn't care
Bein' humble don't work as well as bein' aware
Listen up, boy, you're better off eavesdroppin'
We already got spring 2015 poppin'
PND droppin', Reps-up P droppin'
Majid Jordan droppin', OB droppin', not to mention me droppin'
Feel like we paid the refs off, man we fixed the game
Me and Noel been at it before Twitter names
Yeah, been on the move like the lease is up
And I can't even name one person that's keepin' up
Damn, fuck how it was in the past tense
Ask yourself, how do we match up now?
Cause I'm only 27 and I'm only gettin' better
If I haven't passed you yet, watch me catch up now, for real

 ×9
Could it be the way that I'll catch up
All the school kids are so sick of books and learnin'
They don't read anymore, they don't even read anymore
They just wanna be like all the rappers that I can't stand
Niggas we don't need anymore
All the niggas we don't need anymore
And all the cops are still hangin' out at the doughnut shops
Talkin' 'bout how the weather's changin'
The ice is meltin' as if the world is endin'


She asked me
"Who are you gonna be when it's all over? When it's all over?"
She asked me
"Who are you gonna be when it's all over? When it's all over?"
I don't wanna think about that right now
Heat of the moment
Heat of the moment, girl, heat of the moment
I ain't even got a strap, if you think we really need one I'm on it
The last man fucked up, I'll take it since he doesn't want it
Can't think straight in the heat of the moment, heat of the moment


What are we even doing?


Ridin' clean
With you on my mind and I'm thinkin' dirty things
Yes Lord, yes Lord, yes Lord
I've seen some things
I wish we had met when I was in my teens
Yes Lord, yes Lord, yes Lord
Cause these days I only know conditional love
I'm not used to settlin' down
I'm too used to switchin' it up, oh
And she says, "you don't how good it is to be you cause you're him"
And I say "well, goddamn"


Then ask myself
Who am I gonna be when it's all over? When it's all over?
Who am I gonna be when it's all over? When it's all over?
I don't wanna think about that right now
Heat of the moment
Heat of the moment, girl, heat of the moment
I ain't even got a strap if you think we really need one I'm on it
The last man fucked up, I'll take it since he doesn't want it
Can't think straight in the heat of the moment, heat of the moment


All of this, it’s alcohol, it’s drugs, weed, it’s everything that you could ever imagine. Man, our sisters, our sisters, and our brothers, our brothers, need to stop this shit. They need to take a step up. Young girls are hot, and they will fuck anybody, anytime, anyway. Because they are so hot and young guys are, they are going for it. This shit has to stop, man. This shit has to stop. These people need uh,uh, uh, uh to educate themselves. Women are too fucking hot

(Yeah, you’re right. You’re right. Alright man, well, shit, I just wanted…)

They know they’re too hot. They don’t give a fuck. It’s the Heat Of The Moment. It’s the Heat Of The Moment and that’s all it is. It’s The Heat Of The Moment

(I agree.)

This shit, that’s all it is. It’s the heat of the moment. Be a 100% woman, or try and be a 100% man, and use a fucking condom

(Haaa.)


I got my eyes on you, you're everything that I see
I want your hot love and emotion endlessly
I can't get over you, you left your mark on me
I want your hot love and emotion endlessly


Cause you're a good girl and you know it
You act so different around me
Cause you're a good girl and you know it
I know exactly who you could be
Just hold on, we're going home
Just hold on, we're going home
It's hard to do these things alone
Just hold on, we're going home




You're the girl, you're the one
Gave you everything I loved
I think there's something, baby
I think there's something, baby




"I'm really stepping up my game
These bitches gotta start paying me for this
Can't get no more free Randy"


Got everything, I got everything
I cannot complain, I cannot
I don't even know how much I really made, I forgot, it's a lot
Fuck that, never mind what I got, nigga don't watch that cause I
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real
Came up, that's all me, stay true, that's all me
No help, that's all me, all me for real


Money on my mind, you should think the same, J's on, pinky ring
Dogging these hoes, I need quarantine
In the same league, but we don't ball the same
(Ah) She want all the fame, I hear that shit all the time
She said she love me, I said, "Baby girl, fall in line"
Okay, made a million, off a dinner fork, watch me switch it up
Walked in, "Ill nigga alert! Ill nigga alert!"
You need that work, I got that work, got bitches in my condo
Just bought a shirt that cost a Mercedes-Benz car note
From the A to Toronto, we let the metal go off
And my dick so hard it make the metal detector go off
This that sauce, this that dressing, Givenchy, nigga God bless you
If having a bad bitch was a crime, I'd be arrested (Truu)




I touched down in '86, knew I was the man by the age of 6
I even fucked the girl that used to babysit
But that was years later on some crazy shit
I heard your new shit, nigga hated it
Damon Wayans, homie don't play that shit
I get paid a lot, you get paid a bit, and my latest shit is like a greatest hits
God damn, ain't no wishing over on this side
Y'all don't fuck with us, then we don't fuck with y'all
It's no different over on this side
God damn, should I listen to everybody or myself?
Cause myself just told myself:
"You're the motherfucking man, you don't need no help"
Cashing checks and I’m bigging up my chest
Y'all keep talking ‘bout who next
But I’m about as big as it gets, I swear y'all just wasting y'all breath
I’m the light skinned Keith Sweat, I'mma make it last forever
It’s not your turn ‘cause I ain't done yet
Look, just understand that I’m on a roll like Cottonelle
I was made for all of this shit
And I’m on the road box office sales, I’m getting paid for all of this shit
Ask you to please excuse my table manners
I was making room for the table dancers
Cause if we judging off your advances, then I just got paid like eight advances
God damn!




Ho, shut the fuck up!
I got way too much on my mental, I learn from what I've been through
I'm finna do what I didn't do and still waking up like the rent's due
Not complicated, it's simple, I got sexy ladies, a whole Benz-full
And to them hoes I'm everything -- everything but gentle
But I still take my time, man, I guess I'm just old fashioned
Wearing retro shit, that's old fashion
Nigga, see what I'm saying, no closed caption
I paint pics, see the shit, good sex, need to hit
Keep a broad on the floor year 'round like season tickets
I plead the fifth, drink a fifth
Load the nine, leave you split, in the half, smoke a half, need a zip
My new girl is on Glee and shit, probably making more money than me and shit
I swear to God I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
I got 99 problems, getting rich ain't one
Like I got trust issues, I'm sorry for the people I've pushed out
I'm the type to have a bullet-proof condom and still gotta pull out
But that's just me, and I ain't perfect, I ain't a saint but I am worth it
If it's one thing, I am worth it, niggas still hating but it ain't working
Lil' bitch...


Oh me, oh me, oh my
I think I done fucked too many women from the 305
'Fore the end of this year, I'll do King of Diamonds three more times
Smoking on that kush all in our section like it's legalized
Girl, you can't always have your way, sometimes it be like that
They dont really fuck with you like that, they ain't never did me like that
I just took my time, you got the shine, I let you eat like that
I've been taught to never loan somebody what you need right back
And I need that shit right back? (no more free Randy)
I’m blessed than a motherfucka
Niggas been stressed than a motherfucka
Niggas getting nervous, clutching they chests like a motherfucka
Damn that’s a motherfucker
Tell the truth, I don’t listen to you
‘Cause I don’t like being lied to
And that ship won’t sail
And that wind won’t guide you
Daddy was in jail we was talking through the window like a motherfucking drive-thru
That was back then man, now my niggas rich enough to do whatever I do


Good God Almighty. Like back in the old days. You know, years ago they had the A&R men to tell you what to play, how to play it and you know whether it's disco and rock but we just went in the studio and we did it. We had the champagne in the studio, of course, compliments of the company, and we just laid back and did it. So we hope you enjoy listening to this album half as much as we enjoyed playing it for you. Because we had a ball. Only real music is gonna last, all the other bullshit is here today and gone tomorrow...


Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all


After hours of Il Mulino
Or Sotto Sotto, just talkin' women and vino
The contract like '91 Dan Marino
I swear this guy Michael Rapino's boosting my ego
Overly focused, it's far from the time to rest now
Debates growin' 'bout who they think is the best now?
Took a while, got the jokers out of the deck now
I'm holdin' all the cards and niggas wanna play chess now
I hear you talking, say it twice so I know you meant it
Fuck it, I don't even tint it, they should know who's in it
I'm authentic, real name, no gimmicks
No game, no scrimmage, I ain't playin' with you niggas at all
My classmates, they went on to be chartered accountants
Or work with their parents, but thinkin' back on how they treated me
My high school reunion might be worth an appearance
Make everybody have to go through security clearance
Tables turn, bridges burn, you live and learn
With the ink I could murder, word to my nigga Irv
Yeah, I swear shit just started clickin' dog
You know it's real when you are who you think you are




I had Benzes 'fore you had braces
The all-black Maybach but I'm not a racist
Inside's whiter than Katy Perry's face is
Yellow diamonds in my Jesús
I just might learn to speak Mandarin
Japanese for the yen that I'm handlin'
International Hov, that's my handle
My saint's Changó, light a candle
El Gran Santo on the mantle
Case y'all didn't know, I speak Spanish too
Shout out to World Wide Wes
Everywhere we go, we leave a worldwide mess
Yes, still Roc La Familia
Says a lot about you if you not feelin' us
The homies said "Hov, it ain't many of us"
I told 'em less is more niggas, plenty of us




Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake, cake
500 million, I got a pound cake
Niggas is frontin', that's upside-down cake
Get 'em a red nose, they clown cakes
They shoulda never let you 'round cake
Look at my neck, I got a carrot cake
Now here's the icin' on the cake
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake, uhh
I'm just gettin' started, oh, yeah, we got it bitch
I've done made more millionaires than the lotto did
Dame made millions, Biggs made millions
Ye made millions, Just made millions
Lyor made millions, Cam made millions
Beans'a tell you if he wasn't in his feelins
I'm back in my bag
My eyes bloodshot but my jet don't lag
A pair of Jordan 3's tryna chase this cash
Gucci air bag just in case we crash
Uh, last night was mad trill
I'm fresh out of Advil, Jesus grab the wheel




Look, fuck all that "Happy to be here" shit that y'all want me on
I'm the big homie, they still be tryna lil bro me, dog
Like I should fall in line, like I should alert niggas
When I'm 'bout to drop somethin' crazy and not say I'm the greatest
Of my generation, like I should be dressing different
Like I should be less aggressive and pessimistic
Like I should be way more nervous and less dismissive
Like I should be on my best behavior and not talk my shit
And do it major like the niggas who paved the way for us
Like I didn't study the game to the letter
And understand that I'm not doin' it the same
Man, I'm doing it better
Like I didn't make that clearer this year
Like I should feel, I don't know, guilty for saying that
They should put a couple more mirrors in here
So I can stare at myself
These are usually just some thoughts that I would share with myself
But I thought "Fuck it"
It's worth it to share 'em with someone else other than Paris for once
I text her from time to time, she a mom now
I guess sometimes life forces us to calm down
I told her she could live with me if she need to
I got a compound but I think she's straight
Cause she supported since Hot Beats right before Wayne came
And got me out of the back room where I was rapping with Jas over beats that I shouldn't have in the hopes for the glory
He walked right past in the hallway
Three months later, I'm his artist
He probably wouldn't remember that story
But that shit stick with me
Always couldn't believe when he called me
You never know, it could happen to you
And I just spent four Ferraris all on a brand new Bugatti
And did that shit cause it's somethin' to do
Yeah, I guess that's just who I became, dog
Nothing was the same, dog


What's up? Been a minute since we kicked it, you've been caught up
With them bitches, I don't get it, you're a star love
You shouldn't have to deal with that
I'd never make you feel like that, cause...


I love me, I love me enough for the both of us
That's why you trust me, I know you been through more than most of us
So what are you? What are you, what are you so afraid of?
Darling you, you give but you cannot take love


I needed to hear that shit, I hate when you're submissive
Passive aggressive when we're texting, I feel the distance
I look around the peers that surround me, these niggas tripping
I like when money makes a difference but don't make you different
Started realizing a couple places I could take it
I want to get back to when I was that kid in the basement
I want to take it deeper than money, pussy, vacation
And influence a generation that's lacking in patience
I've been dealing with my dad, speaking of lack of patience
Just me and my old man getting back to basics
We've been talking 'bout the future and time that we wasted
When he put that bottle down, girl that nigga's amazing
Well, fuck it, we had a couple Coronas
We might have rolled a white paper, just something to hold us
We even talked about you and our couple of moments
He said we should hash it out like a couple of grown ups
You a flower child, beautiful child, I'm in your zone
Looking like you came from the 70's on your own
My mother is 66 and her favorite line to hit me with is
Who the fuck wants to be 70 and alone?
You don't even know what you want from love anymore
I search for something I'm missing and disappear when I'm bored
But girl, what qualities was I looking for before?
Who you settling for? Who better for you than the boy, huh?




Thinking 'bout Texas, back when Porscha used to work at Treasures
Or further back than that, before I had the Houston leverage
When I got Summer a Michael Kors with my momma's debit
A weak attempt at flexing, I'll never forget it
Cause that night I played her three songs
Then we got to talking 'bout something we disagreed on
Then she start telling me how I'll never be as big as Trey Songz
Boy was she wrong, that was just negative energy for me to feed off
Now it's therapeutic blowing money in the Galleria
Or Beverly Center Macy's where I discovered Bria
Landmarks of the muses that inspired the music
When I could tell it was sincere without tryna prove it
The one that I needed was Courtney from Hooters on Peachtree
I've always been feeling like she was the piece to complete me
Now she engaged to be married, what's the rush on commitment?
Know we were going through some shit, name a couple that isn't
Remember our talk in the parking lot at the Ritz
Girl I felt like we had it all planned out, I guess I fucked up the vision
Learning the true consequences of my selfish decisions
When you find out how I'm living, I just hope I'm forgiven
It seem like you don't want this love anymore
I'm acting out in the open, it's hard for you to ignore
But girl, what qualities was I looking for before?
Who you settling for? Who better for you than the boy, huh?




"Been Baka aka Not Nice from time, G. Been a East Side ting. Scarborough ting from time, G, been have up di ting dem from time, G. So I don't know what's wrong with these little wasteman out here eh? Y'all need to know yourself."
I don't know why they been lyin'
But your shit is not that inspirin'
Bank account statements just look like
I'm ready for early retirement
Fuck any nigga
That's talking that shit just to get a reaction
Fuck going platinum
I looked at my wrist and it's already platinum
I am the kid with the motor mouth
I am the one you should worry 'bout
I don't know who you're referring to
Who is this nigga you heard about?
Someone just talking that bullshit
Man, someone just gave you the run-around
Niggas downplayin' the money
But that's what you do when the money down
I don't waste time puttin' money down
I just go straight to who got it and buy it in cash
Pussy so good that you gotta come see me on tour
And you gotta fly in first class
This has been years in the makin'
It's all for the city, they know I come right every summer
Cash Money Records forever, I'm always big timin'
Bitch, I came up right under Stunna, you know it


Jealousy in the air tonight, I could tell
I will never understand that but oh, well
Been ready it's real, I don't know 'bout you
She just want to smoke and fuck, I said "Girl, that's all that we do"
Okay, now you're talkin' my language, now you're talkin' my language
Now you're talkin' my language, now you're talkin' my language
Been ready it's real, I don't know 'bout you
She just want to smoke and fuck, I said "Girl, that's all that we do"


I'm 'bout to roll one and light it
And fuck it man, no one's invited
I got to kill off the weak shit
That's got all you niggas excited
I can't even listen, you wildin'
I'd much rather sit here in silence
I send all my money to banks in the islands
And eat with Italians, I do
People are funny, you don't even know
'bout the shit that I been through
I just want some head in a comfortable bed
It could all be so simple
Talkin' that shit with your back to me
Just know it always get back to me
Come get your girl, she been here for three days
And she way too attached to me
Hate when they get too attached to me
I got to get on the bus and get back on the road
Get what I can out the country
And then I just get on the jet and go back to the cold
Can't even drive with the top off
I been workin' so hard on the album, I missed the whole summer
I just might bring in some girls from Miami
To heat up the city and that's word to Stunna, you know it




Famous and dangerous, you understand me?
Showtime, headlines, big time
Sunshine, tote nines, bust mines
Flatline, hard grind, high life
Stay fly it's jet time, stunt nigga
Every time you see a nigga, stunt nigga
Every time you see a nigga, stunt nigga
Swag on head to feet nigga, stunt nigga


Somewhere between psychotic and iconic
Somewhere between I want it and I got it
Somewhere between I'm sober and I'm lifted
Somewhere between a mistress and commitment
But I stay down, girl I always stay down, get down, never lay down
Promise to break everybody off before I break down
Everyone just wait now, so much on my plate now
People I believed in they don't even show they face now
What they got to say now? Nothin' they can say now
Nothin' really changed but still they look at me a way now
What more can I say now? What more can I say now?
You might feel like nothin' was the same


I still been drinkin' on the low, mobbin' on the low
Fuckin' on the low, smokin' on the low
I still been plottin' on the low, schemin' on the low
The furthest thing from perfect like everyone I know


And I hate that you don't think I belong to ya
Just too busy runnin' shit to run home to ya
You know that paper my passion
Bittersweet celebrations, I know I can't change what happened
I can't help it, I can't help it, I was young and I was selfish
I made every woman feel like she was mine and no one else's
And now you hate me, stop pretendin', stop that frontin', I can't take it
Girl don't treat me like a stranger, girl you know I seen you naked
Girl you know that I remember, don't be a pretender
Gettin' high at the condo, that's when it all comes together
You know I stay reminiscing and make-up sex is tradition
But you been missin' girl and you might feel like nothin' was the same




Drinkin', smokin', fuckin', plottin'
Schemin', plottin', schemin', gettin' money
Drinkin', fuckin', smokin', plottin'
Schemin', plottin', schemin', gettin' money


This the life for me
My momma told me this was right for me
I got 'em worried, like make sure you save a slice for me
I should have Spoons serve you up with a fork and knife for me
Your actions make us doubt you
Your lack of effort got me rappin' different
This the shit I wanna go out to
Play this shit at my funeral if they catch me slippin'
Naked women swimmin', that's just how I'm livin'
Donate a million to some children, that's just how I'm feelin'
A nigga fillin' up arenas, who the fuck could see us?
I had to Derrick Rose the knee up before I got the re-up
Yours truly, the boy
I just build and build more, y'all niggas build to destroy
Y'all niggas party too much, man, I just chill and record
No filler, you feel it now if you ain't feel it before


Yes, Lord, this the shit I wanna go out to
Yeah, this the shit I wanna go out to


Hello? Yeah, I just walked in
Yeah, I'm good.. you still working?
Tonight... right now? Did I go out? Yeah, I went out
I went.. I went to a couple of clubs
I never went to bed, shit.. wine or water
You said something about a cold drink?
I don't know, I'm delirious..


Cups of the Rose, bitches in my old phone
I should call one and go home, I've been in this club too long
The woman that I would try is happy with a good guy
But I've been drinking so much that I'mma call her anyway and say


Fuck that nigga that you love so bad
I know you still think about the times we had
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
And since you picked up, I know he's not around


(Are you drunk right now?)
I'm just saying you could do better
Tell me have you heard that lately?
I'm just saying you could do better
And I'll start hating only if you make me


Uh, cups of the XO, all my people been here
I see all of her friends here guess she don't have the time to kick it no more
Flights in the morning, what you doing that's so important?
I've been drinking so much that I'mma call you anyway and say

 + 


I think I'm addicted to naked pictures
And sitting talking 'bout bitches that we almost had
I don't think I'm conscious of making
Monsters outta the women I sponsor 'til it all goes bad
But shit, it's all good
We threw a party, yeah, we threw a party
Bitches came over, yeah, we threw a party
I was just calling cause they were just leaving
Talk to me please don't have much to believe in
I need you right now, are you down to listen to me?
Too many drinks have been given to me
I got some women that's living off me
Paid for their flights and hotels, I'm ashamed
Bet that you know them, I won't say no names
After a while, girl, they all seem the same
I've had sex four times this week: I'll explain
Having a hard time adjusting to fame
Sprite in that mixture, I've been talking crazy, girl
I'm lucky that you picked up, lucky that you stayed on
I need someone to put this weight on, "Well, I'm sorry"




You're not going to come?
Guess I'm 'bout to just kick it here then


Just throw up while I hold your hair back
Her white friend said "you niggas crazy"
I hope no one heard that, I hope no one heard that
Cause if they did, we gonna be in some trouble


Worst...
Mothafucka never loved us
Fucka never loved us
You ain't know, now you know now
Still at it, scrub J's with a toothbrush
Shit...
Niggas still playing my old shit
But your shit is like the police askin' us questions
Nigga, we don't know shit
Flexin'...
Nigga, I'm just flexin'
Nigga never loved us
Do it look like we stressin'?
Look at you, look at you and look at you
Aww, I'm glad that they chose us
Cause man it's a mission, tryna fight to the finish
Just to see if I'm finished


On my worst behavior, no? They used to never want to hear us
Remember? Mothafucka never loved us
Remember? Mothafucka!
Remember? Mothafucka never loved us
I'm on my worst behavior! Don't you ever get it fucked up!
Mothafuckas never loved us! Man, mothafuckas never loved us
Worst behavior! Mothafuckas never loved us
Fucka never loved us! Worst behavior


Hold up, hold my phone
Mothafuckas never loved us
Fucka never loved us
Now you want to roll one
Mothafucka never loved us
So everywhere we go now, full cup
Always hated the boy, but now the boy is the man
Mothafucka, I done grown up
You know me? You know me?
I'm liable to do anything
When it comes to that you owe me
You owe me, you owe me
Bitch you better have my money
When I come for that shit like O.D.B




Who's hot, who not? Tell me who rock, who sell out in stores?
You tell me who flop, who copped the new drop, whose jewels got rocks
Who else making rap albums, doing numbers like it's pop?
Same old pimp, Drake, you know ain't nothin' changed
With these funny style niggas, we done put on in the game
I just ask for some blessins at my grandmother's grave
And it's back to L.A., open the mail, starin' at the check
Enough to make you throw up, man it's gross what I net
I'm with my whole set, tennis matches at the crib
I swear I could beat Serena when she playin' with her left
Oh, where I reside it look like a resort inside
Nigga, where your shit from? I imported mine
Bar mitzvah money like my last name Mordecai
Fuck you bitch, I'm more than high
My momma probably hear that and be mortified
This ain't the son you raised who used to take the Acura
5 a.m. then go and shoot Degrassi up on Morningside
For all the stuntin', I'll forever be immortalized
Yeah, back and forth across the border line
Hate to leave the city, but I've got to do the overtime
Gone all the time, even the important times
I should let you know ahead I'm comin' back on my worst behavior


Remember? Remember? Mothafucka, remember?
Hold up, hold my phone, they used to never want to hear us
Remember? Mothafucka never loved us
Remember? Mothafucka, remember? Worst behavior


Why you keep askin' me about (why)?
She's not here right now, she's not here right now
Why am I the one you wanna get into it with for the drama?
I've got a lot to say, and that's the last thing a nigga wanna hear right now
Spendin' all my days on the Eastside, oh
Forgettin' who I was on the other side, oh
Young nigga switchin' up the program right now
Tryna put the power in my own hands right now
I'm about to ride through the old hood right now
Got too much pride for my own good right now
Waitin' on you to give in and hit me up
So I could fall through like old times and hit it up


I'm terrible at invitin' myself, call me over
Those nights when you need someone else, call me over
You can be the one to take control, call me over
When I get there, you already know, call me


Why you keep askin' me about (why)?
Couple other things I’d rather do than talk 'bout that right now
Told you 'bout givin' him chances on chances on chances
He’s not holdin' you down, he's holdin' you back right now
Spendin' all my days on the Eastside, oh
Forgettin' who I was on the other side, oh
Young nigga switchin' up the program right now
Tryna put the power in my own hands right now
Love it when your ass speak the truth to me, oh
Tryna wake up and have you with me, oh
Waitin' on you to give in and hit me up
So I could fall through like old times and hit it up




(I threw my hands in the air said show me somethin')
Remember one night I went to Erykah Badu house, she made tea for me
We talked about love and what life could really be for me
She said, "when that shit is real, you just know"
And I was thinkin' 'bout you, you already know
Yeah, the other night Chubbs showed up at my house
He had weed for me, that my nigga till we gon'
Keeps his ear to the streets for me
Said the city stress him out on the low
I said, "I feel you, nigga, I already know"
Yeah, already...
Girls talkin' bout "you gotta leave already?"
Damn, my lil' nephew turned four already
Gave you a little help, you need more already
Damn, you need more already?
'Fore you said "You're mine" I was yours already
22, had the Bentley 4 door already
Even as a boy I was the boy already
So you know that mean pussy galore already
Mention other girls, you get insecure already
That was in the past, I'm matured already
Fuck them hoes, you got the award already
You go to Chanel and get rewards already
Know I do this shit for 3rd Ward already
Know I do this shit for H-Town already
Already, already, yeah
Back up in this thing, it's a go
Had a couple niggas out of pocket, now they know
Ain't the first time cause I've lost you before
Had to get it back, had to get it back
Had to pull it back because I know I'm on the road
Had to take you back because I know you're down to roll
If you can get it from me, you can have it, now you know
All your friends askin' where you stand with the boy
FaceTime said you got plans for the boy
Studyin' your body, that's exams for the boy
Take a flight here, pop a xan for the boy
Waking up in Amsterdam with the boy
Long flight home, another xan for your boy
You would probably fly out to Japan for the boy
You would probably kill another man for the boy
You would probably...
You would probably lie 'bout it on the stand for your boy
Put the Bible to your right hand for the boy
That's why you ain't never gotta worry 'bout the boy
You know you got...
You know you got that really good insurance on the boy
You just gotta pack a bag and hurry to the boy
(Fring)
I'm the fuckin' man, y'all don't get it, do ya?
Type of money, everybody acting like they knew ya
Go Uptown, New York City, bitch
Them Spanish girls love me like I'm Aventura
Tell Uncle Luke I'm out in Miami, too
Clubbing hard, fucking women, there ain't much to do
Wrist bling, got a condo up in Biscayne
Still getting brain from a thang, ain't shit changed
How you feel how you feel how you feel?
25, sitting on 25 mill
I'm in the building and I'm feeling myself
Rest in peace, Mac Dre, I'm-a do it for the Bay
Okay, getting paid, we'll holler whenever that stop
My team good, we don't really need a mascot
Tell Tune, "Light one, pass it like a relay"
YMCMB, you niggas more YMCA
Me, Franny, and Mally Mall at the crib-o
Shout goes out to Niko, J and Chubbs, shouts to Gibbo
We got Santa Margherita by the liter
She know even if I'm fucking with her, I don't really need her
That's how you feel, man? That's really how you feel?
Cause the pimpin ice cold, all these bitches wanna chill
I mean maybe she won't but then again maybe she will
I can almost guarantee she know the deal, real nigga, what's up?


Now she want a photo, you already know, though
You only live once: that's the motto, nigga, YOLO
And we bout it every day, every day, every day
Like we sittin on the bench, nigga, we don't really play
Every day, every day, fuck what anybody say
Can't see 'em cause the money in the way, real nigga, what's up?


One...time? Fuck one time
I'm calling niggas out like the umpire
Seven...grams in the blunt
Almost drowned in her pussy so I swam to her butt
It's Eastside, we in this bitch
Wish a nigga would, like a tree in this bitch
And if a leaf fall put some weed in that bitch
That's my MO, add a B to that shit
I'm fucked up, tore down
I'm twisted: door knob
Talk stupid? Off with your head!
Nigga, money talks, and Mr. Ed
I'm so Young Money
Got a drum on the gun, Energizer bunny
Funny how honey ain't sweet like sugar
Ain't shit sweet? Niggas on the street like hookers
I tongue kiss her other tongue
Skeet skeet skeet: water gun
Oh my God, Becky, look at her butt! Tunechi




Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
There's no need for us to rush it through
Don't think about it too much, too much, too much, too much
This is more than just a new lust for you


Done sayin' I'm done playin'
Last time was on the outro
Stuck in the house, need to get out more
I've been stackin' up like I'm fundraising
Most people in my position get complacent
Wanna come places with star girls, and they end  up on them front pages
I'm quiet with it, I just ride with it
Moment I stop having fun with it, I'll be done with it
I'm the only one that's putting shots up
And like a potluck, you need to come with it
Don't run from it, like H-Town in the summertime, I keep it 100
Met a lot of girls in my times there, word to Paul Wall, not one fronted
I was birthed there in my first year, man I know that place like I come from it
Backstage at Warehouse in '09 like "Is Bun coming?
Fuck that, is anyone comin' 'fore I show up there and there's no one there?"
These days, I could probably pack it for like twenty nights if I go in there
Back rub from my main thing, I've been stressed out
Talkin' to her like back then they didn't want me, I'm blessed now
Talkin' to her like this drop, bet a million copies get pressed out
She tell me, "Take a deep breath, you're too worried about being the best out"




Someone go tell Noel to get the Backwoods
Money got my whole family going backwards
No dinners, no holidays, no nothin'
There's issues at hand that we're not discussin'
I did not sign up for this
My uncle used to have all these things on his bucket list
And now he's actin' like, "Oh, well, this is life, I guess," Nah, fuck that shit
Listen man, you can still do what you wanna do, you gotta trust that shit
Heard once that in dire times when you need a sign, that's when they appear
Guess since my text message didn't resonate, I'll just say it here
Hate the fact my mom cooped up in her apartment, telling herself
That she's too sick to get dressed up and go do shit, like that's true shit
And all my family from the M-Town that I've been 'round, started treating me like I'm "him" now
Like we don't know each other, we ain't grow together, we just friends now
Shit got me feeling pinned down, pick the pen up or put the pen down
I'm writing to you from a distance like a pen pal, but we've been down




Don't give up, on your hopes
And you tell me somethin's gone wrong
Wholehearted, wholehearted, you care, you care
Cause I'm such a dreamer, a believer in a sense
Well if it's all a dream
Then I'm on fire, feels like, I'm on fire
Tell me when I'm lyin', tell me when I'm tryin'


Own it
It's yours
It's yours


Yours... You're still the one that I adore
Ain't much out there to have feelings for
Guess whose it is? Guess whose it is?
Guess whose it is? Guess whose it is? Yours
A few bottles on the table, a few waters
It ain't a secret, baby, everybody saw us
Guess whose it is? Guess whose it is?
Guess whose it is? It's yours
Next time we fuck, I don't wanna fuck, I wanna make love
Next time we talk, I don't wanna just talk, I wanna trust
Next time I stand tall, I wanna be standin' for you
And next time I spend I want it all to be for you
Peakin', I'm peakin'
Wake up with me this weekend, weekend
Guess whose it is? Guess whose it is?
Guess whose it is? It's yours


Own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it
Own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, I said
Go own that shit, own that shit, own that shit, own that shit
Go and own that shit, own that shit, own that shit, you own that shit, go and


Niggas talk more than bitches these days (Just let that shit sink in)
Niggas talk more than bitches these days
Who could get the pussy quicker these days
Still straight with the weed and the liquor these days
Cause the new drugs got the kids trippin' these days
Bunch of journalists been searchin' for a story
My ex-girl been searchin' for a "sorry"
Couple bitches tryna have me on the Maury
Like nigga it's yours, you should be supportin'
But where you been at? On tour, gettin' money
Y'all don't even really check for me
You ain't even hit me when that nigga had threats for me, girl
You don't love me, you just say that shit to get to me, girl
Cause you got the Batphone and my workline, you should call
When the last time you did somethin' for the first time? You done done it all
I swear to God, niggas talk more than bitches these days
Got you thinkin' that I'm different these days
Broken telephone for every single conversation
By the time it gets to you, shit switches these days
It's yours, it's yours, it's yours, it's... it's always gonna be yours


Own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it
Own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, I said
Go own that shit, it's yours, it's yours, own it, own it, own it, own it
Own it, baby, own it, it's yours, own that shit, own that shit, own that shit
Gotta do what I gotta do


All my exes live in Texas like I'm George Strait
Or they go to Georgia State where, tuition is handled
By some random nigga that live in Atlanta
That she only see when she feels obligated
Admitted it to me the first time we dated
But she was no angel, and we never waited
I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck
So we took it to go, told them don't even plate it
And we never talk too much after I blew up
Just only "hello" or a "happy belated"
And I think I text her and told her I made it
And that's when she text me and told me she prayed it
And that's when I text her and told her I love it
Then right after texted and told her I'm faded
She asked what have I learned since getting richer
I learned working with the negatives could make for better pictures
I learned Hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture
Even though it's fucked up, girl I'm still fucking with ya
Damn, is it the fall, time for me to revisit the past
It's women to call, there's albums to drop, there's liquor involved
There's stories to tell, we been through it all
Interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my dressing room, confusing me with questions like


Do you love this shit? Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single? I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?
You getting money? You think them niggas you with is with you?
And I say hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, fuckin' right, fuckin' right, alright
And we say hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, fuckin' right, fuckin' right, alright


So much for being optimistic, they say love is in the air, so I
Hold my breath until my face turn purple, keep a few bad bitches in my circle
My nuts hang like ain't no curfew, bitch, if you wave, then I will surf you
I flew jet, she flew commercial but we still met later that night
After my session, she came over, I was aggressive and she was sober
I gave her pills, she started confessing and started undressing and ask me to hold her
And so I did, but that was last month and now she's texting me asking for closure
Damn, she say this shit gon' catch up to me, I keep tissue paper
We eat each other whenever we at the dinner table
She say she hate that she love me and she wish I was average
Shit, sometimes I wish the same and I wish she wasn't married
Promises, I hope I never break 'em
Met a female dragon, had a fire conversation
But, interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my bedroom confusing me with questions like




I might be too strung out on compliments, overdosed on confidence
Started not to give a fuck and stopped fearing the consequence
Drinking every night because we drink to my accomplishments
Faded way too long, I'm floatin' in and out of consciousness
And they saying I'm back, I'd agree with that
I just take my time with all this shit, I still believe in that
I had someone tell me I fell off, ooh I needed that
And they want to see me pick back up, well, where'd I leave it at?
I know I exaggerated things, now I got it like that
Tuck my napkin in my shirt cause I'm just mobbin' like that
You know good and well that you don't want a problem like that
You gonna make someone around me catch a body like that
No, don't do it, please don't do it
Cause one of us goes in, and we all go through it
And Drizzy got the money, so Drizzy gonna pay it
Those my brothers, I ain't even gotta say it
That's just something they know


They know, they know, they know
They know, they know, they know
They know, they know, they know
That the real is on the rise, fuck them other guys
I even gave 'em a chance to decide, now it's something they know
They know, they know, they know


I be yelling out money over everything, money on my mind
Then she wanna ask when it got so empty
Tell her I apologize, happened over time
She says they miss the old Drake, girl don't tempt me
If they don't get it, they'll be over you
That new shit that you got is overdue
You better do what you supposed to do
I'm like "why I gotta be all that?" but still I can't deny the fact
That it's true, listening to you expressing all them feelings
Soap opera rappers, all these niggas sound like "All My Children"
And that's who you thinking is 'bout to come and make a killing
I guess it really is just me, myself and all my millions
You know that they ain't even got it like that
You gonna hype me up and make me catch a body like that
Cause I live for this, it isn't just a hobby like that
When they get my shit and play it, I ain't even gotta say it, they know




I be yelling out: money over everything, money on my mind
Tell them I apologize, it happened over time, they know


I heard once that they would rather hear about memories than enemies
Rather hear what was or will be than what is
Rather hear how you got it over how much it cost you
Rather hear about finding yourself and how you lost you
Rather you make this an open letter
About family and struggle and it taking forever
About hearts that you’ve broken and ties that you’ve severed
No doubt in my mind, that’ll make them feel better


How I'm feeling, it doesn't matter
Cause you know I'm okay
Instead, I ask myself, "Why do you worry?"
When you know, you know I'm the same
I know, I know you don't love me, baby
They’re trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body...


I think I killed everybody in the game last year, man
Fuck it, I was on though
And I thought I found the girl of my dreams at a strip club (mm-mm)
Fuck it, I was wrong though
Shout out all to all my niggas living tax free
Nowadays it's six figures when they tax me
Oh well, I guess you lose some and win some
Long as the outcome is income
You know I want it all and then some
Shout out to Asian girls, let the lights dim some
Shots came, I don't know where they was sent from
Probably some bad hoes I'm 'bout to take the hint from
Yeah, you know me well, nigga
I mean you ain't the only real nigga
They got me on these white women like Seal, nigga
Slave to the pussy but I'm just playing the field, nigga
Are these people really discussing my career again?
Asking if I'll be going platinum in a year again?
Don't I got the shit the world wanna hear again?
Don't Michael Jordan still got his hoop earring in?
Man all of your flows bore me: paint drying
And I don't ever be trippin off of what ain't mine
And I be hearing the shit you say through the grapevine
But jealousy is just love and hate at the same time
Yeah...It's been that way from the beginning
I just been playing, I ain't even notice I was winning
And this is the only sound you should fear
Man, these kids wear crowns over here and everything is alright




You say I'm old news, well who the new star?
Cause if I'm going anywhere, it's probably too far
Just performed at a Bar Mitzvah over in the States
Used half of the money to beat my brother's case
Red wine over Fed time
And shout out to the niggas that's doing dead time
Shout out to the bitches there when it's bedtime
And fuck you to the niggas that think it's their time
Yeah, don't make me take your life apart, boy
You and whoever the fuck gave you your start boy
Oh, you wanna be a motherfucking funny guy?
Don't make me break your Kevin Hart, boy
Yeah.. it's whatever
You know, feeling good - living better
I think maybe I was numb to it last year
But you know I feel it now more than ever
My city love me like Mac Dre in the Bay
Second album, I'm back paving the way
The backpackers are back on the bandwagon
Like this was my comeback season back, back in the day
And I met your baby moms last night
We took a picture together, I hope she frames it!
And I was drinking at the Palms last night
And ended up losing everything that I came with
Feel like I've been here before, huh?
I still got 10 years to go, huh?
And this is the only sound you should fear
Man, these kids wear crowns over here and everything is all right




Three in the morning still going down…
I said tell me what's really goin' on
Drizzy back up in this thing I'm ready, what's happenin'?
Gone for surgery but now I'm back again
I'm 'bout my paper like a mothafuckin' scratch-and-win
World Series attitude, champagne bottle life
Nothin' ever changes so tonight is like tomorrow night
I will have a model wife, your bitch is as hot as ice
Every time you see me I look like I hit the lotto twice
(Drake you got 'em right?) Yeah I got 'em Bun
I love myself cause I swear their life is just not as fun
Neeks got the weed, Hush got a gun
CJ's got my credit cards and a lotta ones
Yeah, I'm in the city of the purple Sprite
Someone tell Maliah I'm on fire, she should work tonight
Call the King of Diamonds and tell Chyna it'd be worth the flight
I'll be at my table stackin' dollars to the perfect height
Work somethin', twerk somethin' basis
She just tryna make it so she's right here gettin' naked
I don't judge her, I don't judge her but I could never love her
Cause to her I'm just a rapper and soon she'll have met another
That's why me and Lil Jaz bout to spaz, can you keep up?
I'm just feelin' sorry for whoever got to sweep up
Yeah bills everywhere, trill everythin'
And Drake just stands for Do Right and Kill Everything
I love Nicki Minaj, I told her I'd admit it
I hope one day we get married just to say we fuckin' did it
And girl I'm fuckin' serious I'm with it if you with it
Cause your verses turn me on and your pants are mighty fitted
Ugh, damn, I think you caught me in a moment
Like I catch 'em stealin' flows cause I swear I never loaned it
And life ain't a rehearsal the camera's always rollin'
So come and get a portion of this money that we be blowin'
Cause it's on


Yeah girl it's on
You know what it is when I finally make it home
I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone
Yeah I just hope you miss me a little when I'm gone
And you just tell me what you down for, anythin' you down for
I know things have changed, know I used to be around more
But you should miss a little when I'm gone
I just hope you miss me a little when your gone


Ooh shit, mothafucka, goddamn
Kickin' bitches out the condo like Pam
Gettin' money every day: I'm a groundhog
Bout to scoop your girl up like a ground ball
I walk light so I don't piss the ground off
Man I swear my bitches do it 'til they suck the brown off
Ugh, that's nasty
Yes I am Weezy but I ain't asthmatic
James Bond cologne, honey I put on
Make 'em run and tell their friends like a marathon
Voice baritone, haters carry on
Beat the pussy up, call me Larry Holmes
Young Money's Jerry Sloan, I turn every stone
When she masturbates to me, that's how she learn every song
To women I condone better write me when I'm gone
No I'm not that thuggish not that ruggish but I do pack Bone
Uh, I'm a love machine
And I won't work for nobody but you
It's only me and her cause the Bugatti a coupe
It's Blood gang, slime but I parlay with Snoop
I ain't lyin' I shoot, you don't need signs for proof
Turn you to a vegetable like you lyin' in soup
And when I'm in the booth, bitch, the lion is loose
Man I got so many styles I am a group
Damn, I'll be gone 'til November
But fuck it I ain't trippin', I know Drizzy gonna kill 'em
I'm stickin' to the script like lint on denim
Mama said if the rules ain't bent, don't bend 'em
Real nigga talkin', shut the fuck up, ho
Gotta do it one time for Haiti, what up, Zoe?
Weezy F Baby and the 'F' is for "front door"
Cause that's where I bring it, Soo Woo if you bangin', muthafucka




Uh, forever in our hearts
JJ, we love you boy
H-Town!
(I’m gone, I’m gone, I’m gone
I’m gone, I’m gone, when I’m gone I just hope that you miss me
Miss me, miss me, miss me, miss me a little when I’m gone
Miss me a little when I’m gone, gone, gone..)




Bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love
(Uh-huh, honey)


All them other niggas lame, and you know it now
When a real nigga hold you down, you supposed to drown
Bound...




What you doin' in the club on a Thursday?
She say she only here for her girl birthday
They ordered champagne but still look thirsty
Rock Forever 21 but just turned thirty
I know I got a bad reputation
Walking-round-always-mad reputation
Leave-a-pretty-girl-sad reputation
Start a Fight Club, Brad reputation
I turnt the nightclub out of the basement
I'll turn the plane 'round, your ass keep complainin'
How you gon' be mad on vacation?
Dutty wining 'round all these Jamaicans
Uh, this that prom shit
This that what-we-do-don't-tell-your-mom shit
This that red-cup-all-on-the-lawn shit
Got a fresh cut, straight out the salon, bitch


I know you're tired of lovin', of lovin'
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody (Uh-huh, honey)


Close your eyes and let the word paint a thousand pictures
One good girl is worth a thousand bitches




I wanna fuck you hard on the sink
After that, give you somethin' to drink
Step back, can't get spunk on the mink
I mean damn, what would Jeromey Romey Romey Rome think?
Hey, you remember where we first met?
Okay, I don't remember where we first met
But hey, admittin' is the first step
And hey, you know ain't nobody perfect
And I know, with the hoes I got the worst rep
But hey, their backstroke I'm tryna perfect
And hey, ayo, we made it: Thanksgivin'
So hey, maybe we can make it to Christmas
She asked me what I wished for on my wishlist
Have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches?
Maybe we could still make it to the church steps
But first, you gon' remember how to forget
After all these long-ass verses
I'm tired, you tired, Jesus wept


I know you're tired of lovin', of lovin'
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody
Just grab somebody, no leavin' this party
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody (Uh-huh, honey)


Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth




“We're going to skate to one song, one song only”


So I ball so hard mothafuckas wanna fine me
First niggas gotta find me
What's 50 grand to a mothafucka like me
Can you please remind me? (Ball so hard)
This shit crazy y'all don't know that don't shit faze me
The Nets could go 0 for 82 and I'd look at you like this shit gravy
(Ball so hard) This shit weird, we ain't even s'posed to be here
(Ball so hard) Since we here it's only right that we'd be fair
Psycho: I'm liable to go Michael, take your pick
Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game 6
(Ball so hard) Got a broken clock, Rolleys that don't tick tock
Audemars that's losing time, hidden behind all these big rocks
(Ball so hard) I'm shocked too, I'm supposed to be locked up too
If you escaped what I've escaped
You'd be in Paris getting fucked up too
(Ball so hard) Let’s get faded, Le Meurice for like 6 days
Gold bottles, scold models, spillin’ Ace on my sick J’s
(Ball so hard) Bitch, behave, just might let you meet 'Ye
Chi town's D. Rose, I’m moving the Nets to BK


Ball so hard mothafuckas want to fine me
(That shit cray, that shit cray, that shit cray)


She said, "'Ye, can we get married at the mall?"
I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all."
(Ball so hard) That shit cray, ain’t it Jay?
What she order, fish filet?
"Your whip so cold" – this old thing?
Act like you’ll ever be around mothafuckas like this again
Bougie girl, grab my hand, fuck that bitch she don’t wanna dance
Excuse my French but I’m in France, I’m just sayin'
Prince Williams ain’t do it right if you ask me
Cause I was him, I would have married Kate and Ashley
What’s Gucci, my nigga? What’s Louis, my killa?
What’s drugs, my dealer? What’s that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I’m the illest, cause I’m suffering from realness
Got my niggas in Paris and they going gorillas, huh


“I don't even know what that means
(No one knows what it means, but it's provocative)
No it's not, it's gross (Gets the people going)”




You are now watching the throne, don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone
These other niggas is lyin, actin’ like the summer ain’t mine
(I got that hot bitch in my home)
You know how many hot bitches I own?
Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone
The stars is in the building, they hands is to the ceiling
I know I’m 'bout to kill it, how you know? I got that feeling
You are now watching the throne, don't let me into my zone
Don't let me into my zone (I’m definitely in my zone)


Human beings in a mob
What's a mob to a king? What's a king to a God?
What's a God to a non-believer who don't believe in anything?
Will he make it out alive? Alright, alright, no church in the wild


Tears on the mausoleum floor
Blood stains the Colosseum doors
Lies on the lips of a priest
Thanksgiving disguised as a feast
Rolling in the Rolls Royce Corniche
Only the doctors got this, I’m hiding from police
Cocaine seats, all white like I got the whole thing bleached
Drug dealer chic, I’m wondering if a thug’s prayers reach
Is Pious pious cause God loves pious?
Socrates asked whose bias do y'all seek?
All for Plato, screech
I’m out here balling, I know y'all hear my sneaks
Jesus was a carpenter, Yeezy he laid beats
Hova flow the Holy Ghost, get the hell up out your seats, preach




I live by you, desire
I stand by you, walk through the fire
Your love is my scripture
Let me into your encryption


Coke on her black skin
Made a stripe like a zebra, I call that jungle fever
You will not control the threesome
Just roll the weed up until I get me some
We formed a new religion
No sins as long as there’s permission
And deception is the only felony
To never fuck nobody without telling me
Sunglasses and Advil, last night was mad real
Sun coming up, 5 a.m., I wonder if they got cabs still?
Thinking 'bout the girl in all leopard
Who was rubbing the wood like Kiki Shepherd
Two tattoos: one read "No Apologies"
The other said "Love is Cursed by Monogamy"
It’s something that the pastor don’t preach
It’s something that a teacher can’t teach
When we die the money we can’t keep
But we probably spend it all cause the pain ain’t cheap: preach




Strange fruit hangin' from the poplar trees
Blood on the leaves


I just need to clear my mind now
It's been racin' since the summertime
Now I'm holdin' down the summer now
And all I want is what I can't buy now
Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I told you to wait
Yeah I told you to wait
So I'mma need a little more time now
Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I thought you could wait
Yeah, I thought you could wait
These bitches surroundin' me
All want something out me
Then they talk about me
Would be lost without me
We could've been somebody
Thought you'd be different 'bout it
Now I know you not it
So let's get on with it


We could've been somebody
'stead you had to tell somebody
Let's take it back to the first party
When you tried your first molly
And came out of your body
And came out of your body
Running naked down the lobby
And you was screamin' that you love me
Before the limelight tore ya
Before the limelight stole ya
Remember we were so young
When I would hold you
Before the blood on the leaves
I know there ain't wrong with me
Something strange is happenin'


You could've been somebody
We could've ugh, we could've been somebody
Or was it on the first party
When we tried our first molly
And came out of our body
And came out of our body
Before they call lawyers
Before you tried to destroy us
How you gon' lie to the lawyer?
It's like I don't even know ya
I gotta bring it back to the 'nolia


Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down with my niggas
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down with my niggas
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down with my niggas
I ride with my niggas, I'd die for my...


To all my second string bitches, try and get a baby
Trying to get a baby, now you talkin' crazy
I don't give a damn if you used to talk to Jay Z
He ain't with you, he with Beyoncé, you need to stop actin' lazy
She Instagram herself like #BadBitchAlert
He Instagram his watch like #MadRichAlert
He only wanna see that ass in reverse
Two-thousand-dollar bag with no cash in your purse
Now you sittin' courtside, wifey on the other side
Gotta keep 'em separated, I call that apartheid
Then she said she impregnated, that's the night your heart died
Then you gotta go and tell your girl and report that
Main reason cause your pastor said you can't abort that
Now your driver say that new Benz you can't afford that
All that cocaine on the table you can't snort that
That goin' to that owin' money that the court got
All in on that alimony, uh, yeah-yeah, she got you homie
'til death but do your part, unholy matrimony


That summer night holdin' long and long, 'din long
Now waiting for the summer rose and (breathe)
And breathe and breathe
And breathe and breathe
And breathe and breathe
And live and learn
And live and learn
And livin' and livin' like I’m lonely
Lonely, lonely
And livin' all I have
And livin' all
And live
And live


I shoot the lights out
Hide 'til it's bright out
Oh just another lonely night
Are you willing to sacrifice your life?


Bitch, I'm a monster, no-good blood-sucker
Fat motherfucker – now look who's in trouble
As you run through my jungles all you hear is rumbles
Kanye West samples, here's one for example:


Gossip, gossip, nigga just stop it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'm-a need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'm-a need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit, profit, nigga I got it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'm-a need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'm-a need to see your fucking hands


The best living or dead hands down, huh
Less talk, more head right now, huh
And my eyes more red than the devil is
And I'm about to take it to another level, bitch
No matter who you go and get
Ain't nobody cold as this
Do the rap and the track, triple double no assists
And my only focus is staying on some bogus shit
Arguing with my older bitch, acting like I owe her shit
I heard that people sing raps to give the track pain
Bought the chain that always give me back pain
Fucking up my money so yeah I had to act sane
Chi nigga but these hoes love my accent
Chick came up to me and said
"This the number to dial
If you wanna make your #1 your #2 now"
Mix that Goose and Malibu I call it "Malibooyah"
Goddamn, Yeezy, how he hit them with a new style?
Know that motherfucker well: "What you gonna do now?
Whatever I want to do. Gosh! It's cool now"
Know I'm gonna do, ah, it's the new now
Think you motherfuckers really really need to cool out
Cause you'll never get on top of this
So mommy, best advice is just to get on top of this
Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh?
Put the pussy in a sarcophagus
Now she claiming that I bruised her esophagus
Head of the class and she just won a swallowship
I'm living in the future so the present is my past
My presence is a present, kiss my ass




Sasquatch, Godzilla, King Kong, Loch Ness
Goblin, ghoul, a zombie with no conscience
Question: What do these things all have in common?
Everybody knows I'm a motherfucking monster
Conquer, stomp ya, stop your silly nonsense
Nonsense, none of you niggas know where the swamp is
None of you niggas have seen the carnage that I've seen
I still hear fiends scream in my dreams
Murder, murder in black convertibles
I kill the block, I murder the avenues
I rape and pillage your village, women and children
Everybody want to know what my Achilles heel is
Love, I don't get enough of it
All I get is these vampires and blood-suckers
All I see is these niggas I made millionaires
Milling about, spilling they feelings in the air
All I see is these fake fucks with no fangs
Trying to draw blood from my ice-cold veins
I smell a massacre
Seems to be the only way to back you bastards up




Pull up in the monster automobile, gangsta
With a bad bitch that came from Sri Lanka
Yeah I'm in that Tonka color of Willy Wonka
You could be the king but watch the queen conquer
OK, first things first I'll eat your brains
Then I'm a start rocking gold teeth and fangs
Cause that's what a motherfucking monster do
Hair dresser from Milan that's the monster do
Monster Giuseppe heel, that's the monster shoe
Young Money is the roster and a monster crew
And I'm all up, all up, all up in the bank with the funny face
And if I'm fake, I ain't notice cause my money ain't
So let me get this straight, wait, I'm the rookie?
But my features and my shows ten times your pay?
50K for a verse, no album out
Yeah, my money's so tall that my Barbiez got to climb it
Hotter than a Middle Eastern climate, violent
Tony Matterhorn, dutty wine it, wylin'
Nicki on them titties when I sign it
That's how these niggas so one-track-minded
But really really I don't give a F-U-C-K
Forget Barbie, fuck Nicki cause she's fake
She's on a diet but her pockets eating cheesecake
And I'll say bride of Chucky is child's play
Just killed another career, it's a mild day
Besides 'Ye, they can't stand besides me
I think me, you and Am should ménage Friday
Pink wig, thick ass, give them whiplash
I think big, get cash, make them blink fast
Now look at what you just saw
This is what you live for
I'm a motherfucking monster


I crossed the line
And I'll let God decide
And I wouldn't last these shows
So I am heading home


My momma was raised in the era when
Clean water was only served to the fairer skin
Doin' clothes you would have thought I had help
But they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself
You see it's broke nigga racism
That's that "Don't touch anything in the store"
And it's rich nigga racism
That's that "Come in, please buy more"
"What you want, a Bentley? Fur coat? A diamond chain?
All you blacks want all the same things"
Used to only be niggas, now everybody playin'
Spendin' everything on Alexander Wang
New Slaves


You see there's leaders and there's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower


I throw these Maybach keys
I wear my heart on the sleeve
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
They throwin' hate at me
Want me to stay at ease
Fuck you and your corporation
Y'all niggas can't control me
I know that we the new slaves
I know that we the new slaves
I'm 'bout to wild the fuck out
I'm goin' Bobby Boucher
I know that pussy ain't free
You niggas pussy, ain't me
Y'all throwin' contracts at me
You know that niggas can't read
Throw 'em some Maybach keys
Fuck it, c'est la vie
I know that we the new slaves
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me
Y'all niggas can't fuck with 'Ye
Y'all niggas can't fuck with 'Ye
I'll move my family out the country
So you can't see where I stay
So go and grab the reporters
So I can smash their recorders
See they'll confuse us with some bullshit
Like the New World Order
Meanwhile the DEA
Teamed up with the CCA
They tryna lock niggas up
They tryna make new slaves
See that's that privately owned prison
Get your piece today
They prolly all in the Hamptons
Braggin' 'bout what they made
Fuck you and your Hampton house
I'll fuck your Hampton spouse
Came on her Hampton blouse
And in her Hampton mouth
Y'all 'bout to turn shit up
I'm 'bout to tear shit down
I'm 'bout to air shit out
Now what the fuck they gon' say now?


I won't end this high, not this time again
So long, so long, so long, you cannot survive
And I'm not dyin', and I can't lose
I can't lose, no, I can't lose
Cause I can't leave it to you
So let's get too high, get too high again
(Too high again, too high)


Egyszer a Nap úgy elfáradt
Elaludt mély zöld tó ölén
Az embereknek fájt a sötét
Ő megsajnált, eljött közénk


For my theme song
My leather black jeans on
My by-any-means on
Pardon, I'm getting my scream on
Enter the kingdom
But watch who you bring home
They see a black man with a white woman
At the top floor they gone come to kill King Kong
Middle America packed in
Came to see me in my black skin
Number one question they're askin'
Fuck every question you askin'
If I don't get ran out by Catholics
Here come some conservative Baptists
Claiming I'm overreactin'
Like them black kids in Chiraq bitch


Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it


So follow me up cause this shit 'bout to go (down)
I'm doing 500, I'm outta control (now)
But there's nowhere to go (now)
And there's no way to slow (down)
If I knew what I knew in the past
I would've been blacked out on your ass


Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it


Stop all that coon shit
Early morning cartoon shit
This is that goon shit
Fuck up your whole afternoon shit
I'm aware I'm a wolf
Soon as the moon hit
I'm aware I'm a king
Back out the tomb bitch
Black out the room, bitch
Stop all that coon shit
These niggas ain't doin' shit
Them niggas ain't doin' shit
Come on homie what happened
You niggas ain't breathin', you gaspin'
These niggas ain't ready for action
Ready-ready for action


Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
I think I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300 like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it




God! 
What of the dollar you murdered for?
Is that the one fighting for your soul?
Or your brother's the one that you're running from?
But if you got money, fuck it, cause I want some


B-I-G
Who fucking with me?
Oh God!


Ain't nobody fucking with my
Clique, clique, clique, clique, clique
Ain't nobody fresher than my muthafuckin
Clique, clique, clique, clique, clique
As I look around, they don't do it like my
Clique, clique, clique, clique, clique
And all these bad bitches, man, they want the
They want the, they want the


I tell a bad bitch do whatever I say
My block behind me like I'm coming out the driveway
It's grind day, from Friday, to next Friday
I been up straight for nine days, I need a spa day
Yup, she trying get me that poo-tang
I might let my crew bang, my crew deeper than Wu Tang
I'm rolling with... fuck I'm saying? Girl, you know my crew name
You know 2 Chainz? Scrrr! I'm pulling up in that Bruce Wayne
But I'm the fucking villain, man, they kneeling when I'm walking in the building
Freaky women I be feeling from the bank accounts I'm filling
What a feeling, ah man, they gotta be
Young player from the D that's killing everything that he see for the dough




Yeah, I'm talking Ye, yeah, I'm talking Rih
Yeah, I'm talking B, nigga, I'm talking me
Yeah, I'm talking bossy, I ain't talking Kelis
Your money too short, you can't be talking to me
Yeah, I'm talking LeBron, we ball in our family tree
G.O.O.D. Music drug-dealing cousin, ain't nothing fuckin' with we, me
Turn that 62 to 125, 125 to a 250
250 to a half a million, ain't nothin' nobody can do with me
Now who with me? ¡Vámonos! Call me Hov or Jefe
Translation: I'm the shit, least that what my neck say
Least that what my check say, lost my homie for a decade
Nigga down for like 12 years, ain't hug his son since the second grade
He never told. Who he gonna tell? We top of the totem pole
It's the Dream Team meets the Supreme Team
And all our eyes green it only means one thing
You ain't fucking with the clique




Break records at Louis, ate breakfast at Gucci
My girl a superstar all from a home movie
Bow on our arrival - the un-American idols
What niggas did in Paris, got 'em hanging off the Eiffel
Yeah I'm talking business, we talking CIA
I'm talking George Tenet, I seen him the other day
He asked me about my Maybach, think he had the same
Except mine tinted and his might have been rented
You know white people get money, don't spend it
Or maybe they get money, buy a business
I rather buy 80 gold chains and go ign'ant
I know Spike Lee gone kill me but let me finish
Blame it on the pigment, we living no limits
Them gold Master P ceilings was just a figment
Of our imagination, MTV cribs
Now I'm looking at a crib right next to where TC lives
That's Tom Cruise, whatever she accuse
He wasn't really drunk he just had a frew brews
Pass the refreshments, a cool, cool beverage
Everything I do need a news crew's presence
Speedboat swerve, homie watch out for the waves
I'm way too black to burn from sun rays
So I just meditate at the home in Pompeii
About how I could build a new Rome in one day
Everytime I'm in Vegas they screaming like he's Elvis
But I just wanna design hotels and nail it
Shit is real, got me feeling Israelian
Like Bar Refaeli, Gisele, nah that's Brazilian
Went through, deep depression when my momma passed
Suicide, what kinda talk is that?
But I been talking to God for so long
That if you look at my life I guess he's talking back
Fucking with my clique


Well
It is a weeping
And a moaning
And a gnashing of teeth
It is a weeping
And a mourning
And a gnashing of teeth
It is a
When it comes to my sound which is the champion sound
Believe (believe)


Okay Lamborghini Mercy (Swerve)
Your chick, she so thirsty
I'm in that two-seat Lambo with your girl
She tryna jerk me


Drop it to the floor, make that ass shake
Whoa, make the ground move, that's an ass quake
Build a house up on that ass, that's an ass-tate
Roll my weed on it, that's an ass tray
Say Ye, say Ye don't we do this every day-day (huh?)
I work them long nights, long nights to get a pay day
Finally got paid, now I need shade and a vacay
(And niggas still hating) so much hate I need an AK
Now we out in Paris, yeah I'm Perriering
White girls politicking, that's that Sarah Palin
Getting high, Californicating
I give her that D, cause that's where I was born and raised in




Yuugh
Yeah it's prime time, my top back, this pimp game ho
I'm red leather, this cocaine, I'm Rick James ho
I'm bill-dropping Ms. Pac-Man, this pill popping-ass ho
I'm popping too, these blue dolphins need two coffins
All she want is some heel money, all she need is some bill money
He take his time, he counts it out, I weighs it up, that's real money
Check the neck, check the wrist, them heads turning, that's exorcist
My Audemar like Mardi Gras, that's Swiss time and that's excellence
Two-door preference, roof gone, George Jefferson
That white frost on that pound cake so your Duncan Hines is irrelevant
Lambo, Murcie-lago, she go wherever I go, wherever we go, we do it pronto




Well, it is a weeping and a mourning and a gnashing of teeth in the dancehall
And who no have teeth gwan rub pon them gums cause
When time it comes to my sound, which is the champion sound
The bugle has blown fi many times, and it still have one more time left
Cause the amount of stripe weh deh pon our shoulder


Let the suicide doors up
I threw suicides on the tour bus
I threw suicides on the private jet
You know what that mean, I'm fly to death
I step in Def Jam buildin' like I'm the shit
Tell 'em give me fifty million or I'm-a quit
Most rappers' taste level ain't at my waist level
Turn up the bass 'til it's up-in-your-face level
Don't do no press but I get the most press, kid
Plus, yo my bitch make your bitch look like Precious
Something about Mary, she gone off that Molly
Now the whole party is melted like Dalí
Now everybody is movin' they body
Don't sell me apartment, I'll move in the lobby
Niggas is loiterin' just to feel important
You gon' see lawyers and niggas in Jordans


Ok, now ketchup to my campaign, coupe the color of mayonnaise
I'm drunk and high at the same time, drinkin' champagne on the airplane (Tell em!)
Spit rounds like the gun range, beat it up like Rampage
100 bands, cut your girl, now your girl need a Band-Aid
Grade A, A1, chain the color of Akon
Black diamonds, backpack rhyming, co-signed by Louis Vuitton (Yup!)
Horsepower, horsepower, all this Polo on I got horsepower
Pound of this cost four thousand, I make it rain, she want more showers
Rain pourin'
All my cars is foreign, all my broads is foreign
Money tall like Jordan




Whose fault?


Let's play the blame game, I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you, more
Let's call out names, names, for sure
I'll call you bitch for short
As a last resort, and my first result
You call me motherfucker for long
At the end of it you know we both were wrong


But I love to play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call her names, names, I hate you, more
Let's call her names, names, for sure


On a bathroom wall I wrote
"I'd rather argue with you than be with someone else"
I took a piss and dismiss it like "fuck it"
And I went and found somebody else
Fuck arguing and harvesting the feelings
Yo, I'd rather be by my fucking self
Till about two a.m. and I call back
And I hang up and I start to blame myself
Somebody help...




You weren't perfect but you made life worth it
Stick around, some real feelings might surface
Been a long time since I spoke to you in a bathroom
Gripping you up, fucking and choking you
What the hell was I supposed to do?
I know you ain't getting this type of dick from that local dude
And if you are I hope you have a good time
Cause I definitely be having mine
And you ain't finna see a mogul get emotional
Every time I hear bout other niggas is strokin' you
Lying, say I hit you, he sitting there consoling you
Running my name through the mud, who's provoking you?
You should be grateful a nigga like me ever noticed you
Now you noticeable and can't nobody get control of you
One a.m. and can't nobody get a hold of you
I'm calling your brother's phone like what was I supposed to do?
Even though I knew, he never told the truth
He was just gon' say whatever that you told him to
At a certain point I had to stop asking questions
Y'all got dirt on each other like mud wrestlers
I heard he bought some coke with my money
That ain't right girl
You getting blackmailed for that white girl
You always said, "Yeezy, I ain't your right girl"
You'll probably find one of them "I like art"-type girls
All of the lights, she-was-caught-in-the-hype girl
And I was satisfied being in love with the lie
Now who to blame, you to blame, me to blame
For the pain and it poured every time when it rained
Lets play the blame game




"Things used to be, now they not
Anything but us is who we are
Disguising ourselves as secret lovers
We've become public enemies
We walk away like strangers in the street
Gone for eternity
We erased one another
So far from where we came
With so much of everything, how do we leave with nothing?
Lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of L-O-V-E
Hatred and attitude tear us entirely" - Chloe Mitchell


I can't love you this much
No, I can't love you this much


And I know that you are somewhere doing your thing
And when the phone called it just ring and ring
You ain't pick up but your phone accidentally called me back
And I heard the whole thing
I heard the whole thing, the whole thing, the whole thing


Ohh my God
Baby you done took this shit to another mother fucking level!
Now a neighborhood nigga like me ain't supposed to be gettin no pussy like this
God damn, God damn!
Who taught you how to get sexy for a nigga?
(Yeezy taught me)
You never used to talk dirty, but now you God damn disgusting!
My, my God, where'd you learn that?
(Yeezy taught me)
Look at you mother fucking butt ass naked...
With them motherfucking Jimmy Choos on...
Who taught you how to put some motherfucking Jimmy Choos on?
(Yeezy taught me)
Yo you took your pussy game up a whole 'nother level!
This is some Cirque du Soleil pussy now! Shit!
You done went all porno on a nigga, okay? And I, and I love it...
And I thank you, I thank you, my dick thanks you!
How did you learn, how... how did your pussy game come up?
(Yeezy taught me)
I was fucking parts of your pussy I'd never fucked before!
I was in there like "Oh, shit! I never been here before!"
I've never even seen this part of pussy town before!
It's like you got this shit re-upholstered or some shit. What the fuck happened?
Who, who the fuck got your pussy all re-upholstered?
(Yeezy re-upholstered my pussy)
You know what, I got to thank Yeezy. And when I see that nigga, I'mma thank him. I'mma buy the album, I'mma download that motherfucker, I'm-a shoot a bootlegger!
That's how good I feel about this nigga
Oww, I still can't believe you got me this watch!
This motherfucker is the exact motherfucker I wanted!
Even with the bezel! This is the motherfucker I wanted!
I saw this shit, I saw it, Twista had this shit on in The Source!
I remember, Twista had this motherfucker on in The Source!
That's right, that's right! Yo yo babe, yo yo this is the best birthday ever!
Where you learn to treat a nigga like this?
(Yeezy taught me)
Yeezy taught you well, Yeezy taught you well


I’m living in that 21st Century, doing something mean to it
Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it
Screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it
I guess every superhero need his theme music
No one man should have all that power
The clock’s ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I’m tripping off the power (21st-Century schizoid man)
The system broken, the school is closed, the prison's open
We ain’t got nothing to lose, motherfucker we rolling
Huh? Motherfucker we rolling
With some light-skinned girls and some Kelly Rowlands
In this white man world, we the ones chosen
So goodnight, cruel world, I’ll see you in the morning
Huh? I’ll see you in the morning
This is way too much, I need a moment


No one man should have all that power
The clock’s ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I’m tripping off the power
Till then, fuck that, the world’s ours
And they say
(21st-Century schizoid man)


Fuck SNL and the whole cast
Tell them Yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass
More specifically they can kiss my asshole
I’m an asshole? You niggas got jokes
You short-minded niggas thoughts is Napoleon
My furs is Mongolian, my ice brought the goalies in
And I embody every characteristic of the egotistic
He knows, he’s so fucking gifted
I just needed time alone with my own thoughts
Got treasures in my mind but couldn’t open up my own vault
My childlike creativity, purity and honesty
Is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts
Reality is catching up with me
Taking my inner child, I’m fighting for custody
With these responsibilities that they entrusted me
As I look down at my diamond encrusted piece
Thinking




Colin Powells, Austin Powers
Lost in translation with a whole fucking nation
They say I was the abomination of Obama’s nation
Well that’s a pretty bad way to start the conversation
At the end of the day, god damn it I’m killing this shit
I know damn well y’all feeling this shit
I don’t need your pussy, bitch, I’m on my own dick
I ain’t gotta power trip, who you going home with?
How Ye doing? I’m surviving
I was drinking earlier, now I’m driving
Where the bad bitches, huh? Where you hiding?
I got the power to make your life so exciting


Now this will be a beautiful death
(I’m jumping out the window, I’m letting everything go)
You got the power to let power go?
(21st-Century schizoid man)


La, la, la la (Yeah)
Wait 'til I get my money right


I had a dream I could buy my way to heaven
When I awoke, I spent that on a necklace
I told God I'd be back in a second
Man it's so hard not to act reckless
To whom much is given, much is tested
Get arrested guess until he get the message
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny
And what I do, act more stupidly
Bought more jewelry, more Louis V
My Momma couldn't get through to me
The drama, people suing me
I'm on TV talking like it's just you and me
I'm just saying how I feel man
I ain't one of the Cosby's, I ain't go to Hillman
I guess the money should've changed him
I guess I should've forgot where I came from


La, la, la la
Wait 'til I get my money right
La, la, la la
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, was you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing


Let up the suicide doors
This is my life homie, you decide yours
I know that Jesus died for us
But I couldn't tell ya who decide wars
So I parallel double parked that motherfucker sideways
Old folks talking bout back in my day
But homie this is my day, class started 2 hours ago
Oh am I late? No, I already graduated
And you can live through anything if Magic made it
They say I talk with so much emphasis
Ooh they so sensitive
Don't ever fix your lips like collagen
And say something when you gon' end up apologing
Let me know if it's a problem then, aight man, holla then




Let the champagne splash
Let that man get cash
Let that man get past
He don't even stop to get gas
If he can move through the rumors
He can drive off of fumes cause
How he move in a room full of no's?
How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes?
Must be the pharaohs, he in tune with his soul
So when he buried in a tomb full of gold
Treasure, what's your pleasure?
Life is a, UH, depending how you dress her
So if the devil wear Prada, Adam Eve wear nada
I'm in between but way more fresher
With way less effort, cause when you try hard
That's when you die hard
Your homies looking like why God
When they reminisce over you, my God




And I always find, yeah, I always find something wrong
You been putting up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Let's have a toast for the douchebags
Let's have a toast for the assholes
Let's have a toast for the scumbags
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can


She find pictures in my e-mail
I sent this bitch a picture of my dick
I don't know what it is with females
But I'm not too good with that shit
See, I could have me a good girl
And still be addicted to them hoodrats
And I just blame everything on you
At least you know that's what I'm good at




Run away from me, baby, run away
Run away from me, baby, run away
When it starts to get crazy, why can't she just, run away?
Baby, I got a plan, run away fast as you can


24/7, 365, pussy stays on my mind
I-I-I-I did it, all right, all right, I admit it
Now pick your next move, you could leave or live wit' it
Ichabod Crane with that motherfucking top off
Split and go where? Back to wearing knockoffs, haha
Knock it off, Neiman's, shop it off
Let's talk over mai tais, waitress, top it off
Hoes like vultures, wanna fly in your Freddy loafers
You can't blame 'em, they ain't never seen Versace sofas
Every bag, every blouse, every bracelet
Comes with a price tag, baby, face it
You should leave if you can't accept the basics
Plenty hoes in the balla-nigga matrix
Invisibly set, the Rolex is faceless
I'm just young, rich, and tasteless
P!


Never was much of a romantic
I could never take the intimacy
And I know I did damage
Cause the look in your eyes is killing me
I guess you are at an advantage
Cause you can blame me for everything
And I don't know how I'mma manage
If one day you just up and leave






Ain’t no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I’m on the edge, so why you playing? I’m saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down
Not for nothing I’ve forseen it, I dream it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
No more chances if you blow this, you bogus
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down


Penitentiary chances, the devil dances
And eventually answers to the call of Autumn
All of them fallin’ for the love of ballin’
Got caught with 30 rocks, the cop look like Alec Baldwin
Inter century anthems based off inner city tantrums
Based off the way we was branded
Face it, Jerome get more time than Brandon
And at the airport they check all through my bag
And tell me that it’s random
But we stay winning, this week has been a bad massage
I need a happy ending and a new beginning
And a new fitted, and some job opportunities that's lucrative
This the real world, homie, school finished
They done stole your dreams, you dunno who did it
I treat the cash the way the government treats AIDS
I won’t be satisfied til all my niggas get it, get it?




Is hip hop just a euphemism for a new religion?
The soul music of the slaves that the youth is missing
This is more than just my road to redemption
Malcolm West had the whole nation standing at attention
As long as I’m in Polo smiling, they think they got me
But they would try to crack me if they ever see a black me
I thought I chose a field where they couldn’t sack me
If a nigga ain't shootin' a jump shot, running a track meet
But this pimp is, at the top of Mount Olympus
Ready for the World’s game, this is my Olympics
We make ‘em say ho cause the game is so pimpish
Choke a South Park writer with a fishstick
I insisted to get up offa this dick
And these drugs, niggas can't resist it
Remind me of when they tried to have Ali enlisted
If I ever wasn't the greatest nigga, I must have missed it!




I need more drinks and less lights
And that American Apparel girl in just tights
She told the director she tryna get in a school
He said “take them glasses off and get in the pool”
It’s been a while since I watched the tube
Cause like a Crip said, I got way too many blues for any more bad news
I was looking at my resume feeling real fresh today
They rewrite history I don’t believe in yesterday
And what’s a black Beatle anyway, a fucking roach
I guess that's why they got me sitting in fucking coach
My guy said I need a different approach
Cause people is looking at me like I’m sniffing coke
It's not funny anymore, try different jokes
Tell ‘em hug and kiss my ass, x and o
Kiss the ring while they at it, do my thing while I got it
Play strings for the dramatic ending of that wack shit
Act like I ain't had a belt in two classes
I ain't got it I’m coming after whoever who has it
I’m coming after whoever. Who has it?
You blowin' up, that’s good, fantastic
That y’all, it's like that y'all
I don’t really give a fuck about it at all
Cause the same people that tried to black ball me
Forgot about two things, my black balls




I done copped Timb's, lived in lenses, kid
Armani suits, fresh fruits, Bally boots and Benzes
Counting up, smoking, one cuff
Live as a red Jag, a Louis bag, grabbing a blunt, fuck it
Steam about a hundred and one L's
Kites off to jails, buying sweats, running up in Stetson
Nigga hat game was special
It matched every black pair of Nikes, throwing dice for decimals
The older head, bolder head, would train a soldier head
Make sure he right in the field, not a soldier dead
That meant code red, bent off the black skunk
The black dutch, back of the old shed
If you can’t live, you dying, you give or buy in
Keep it real or keep it moving, keep grinding
Keep shining, to every young man, this is a plan
Learn from others like your brothers Rae and Kanye




You might think you’ve peeped the scene
You haven’t, the real one’s far too mean
The watered down one, the one you know
Was made up centuries ago
They made it sound all wack and corny
Yes, it’s awful, blasted boring
Twisted fictions, sick addictions
Well, gather ‘round children, zip it, listen:


Can we get much higher? So high
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh


I fantasized 'bout this back in Chicago
Mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago
That's me, the first year that I blow
How you say broke in Spanish? Me no hablo
Me drown sorrow in that Diablo
Me found bravery in my bravado
DJs need to listen to the models
"You ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy in your Serato?"
(You ain't got no Yeezy, nigga?)
Stupid, but what the hell do I know?
I'm just a Chi-town nigga with a Nas flow
And my chick in that new Phoebe Philo
So much head, I woke up in Sleepy Hollow




Look like a fat booty Celine Dion
Sex is on fire, I'm the King of Leon-a Lewis
Beyond the truest, hey, teacher, teacher
Tell me how do you respond to students?
And refresh the page and restart the memory?
Respark the soul and rebuild the energy?
We stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemies
Sorry for the night demons still visit me
The plan was to drink until the pain over
But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
Fresh air, rollin' down the window
Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low
Don't make me pull the toys out, huh
Don't make me pull the toys
And fire up the engines, huh
And then they make noise




At the mall, there was a seance
Just kids, no parents
Then the sky filled with herons
(I saw the devil) in a Chrysler LeBaron
And the hell, it wouldn't spare us
And the fires did declare us
But after that, took pills, kissed an heiress
And woke up back in Paris




Fraud niggas, y'all niggas, that's that shit I don't like
Your shit make believe, rapping 'bout my own life
Real names kill things, that's that shit I won't write
Cause my niggas still selling dope like they ain't on their third strikes
Camping out in that corridor, fuck you waiting on Jordans for?
I middle-man it for 23, just meet me somewhere around Baltimore
(Woo!) That's rare nigga, (Woo!) Ric Flair nigga
(Woo!) The power's in my hair nigga, (Woo!) I give this beat the chair nigga
SoHo or Tribeca, three hoes: trifecta
Dope money, coke money, Hublot, my watch better
My pen's better, you don't write, trendsetter, you clone-like
Pay homage or K's vomit – ungrateful niggas, I don't like


A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like
Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like


(This Chicago, nigga!)
They smile in my face is what I don't like
They steal your whole sound, that's a soundbite
The media crucify me like they did Christ
They want to find me not breathing like they found Mike
A girl'll run her mouth only out of spite
But I never hit a woman never in my life
I was in too deep like Mekhi Phife'
In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice
Rose gold Jesus piece with the brown ice
Eating good, vegetarian with the brown rice
Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot, right?
But unless they use a strap-on then they not dykes
They ain't about that life, they ain't about that life
We hanging out that window it's about to be a Suge night
Free Bump J, real nigga for life
Shoutout to Derrick Rose, man that nigga nice
Shout out to L-E-P, Jay Boogie right?
Chief Keef, King Louie, this is Chi, right? right?!




(Young Chop on the beat)
Fake Gucci, that's that shit I don't like
Smoking on this dope, higher than a kite
This bitch gon' love me now, she gon' let me pipe
Screaming Sosa, that's that nigga that I like
I don't want relations, I just want one night
Cause a thirsty bitch, that's the shit that I don't like
I got tats up on my arm, cause this shit is life
And I stunt so much in clothes, cause I'm living life
I come up on the scene, and I'm stealing light
Bitch I'm high off life, got me feeling right
Bitch I'm Chief Keef, fuck who don't like
And bitch we GBE, we just go on sight




We are not one and the same, nigga I'm fucking insane, fuck is you saying?
Yo ass been doing the same, shit, not doing what you saying
Dang, I told yo old bitch she was fucking a lame, turn one ho to a train
Blaow, blang, my niggas holding that pain, I just hope you been praying
Bang bang, riding for my niggas and that's for life
High class, I'm just surrounded by these lowlifes
And I run this bitch like it's no lights, going hard the whole night
Cause I ain't going back to my old life, I promise




I done sold purple, I done sold white
Running outta work, that's that shit I don't like
She never let me hit it, she gave me dome twice
She blowing up my phone, that's that bitch I don't like
Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut
Put the pressure on 'em just when they think that I eased up
Thirty for the Cuban, 'nother 30 for the Jesus
Believe in ourselves when nobody else believed us, suckas




Blazin, mi don't want dem
Mi need dem
Blazin
Suh mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated
Yo mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated


I am a god
I am a god
I am a god


I am a god
Hurry up with my damn massage
Hurry up with my damn ménage
Get the Porsche out the damn garage
I am a god
Even though I'm a man of God
My whole life in the hands of God
So y'all better quit playin' with God


Soon as they like you make 'em unlike you
Cause kissin' people ass is so unlike you
The only rapper compared to Michael
So here's a few hatin'-ass niggas who'll fight you
And here's a few snake-ass niggas to bite you
And I don't even wanna hear 'bout what niggas might do
Old niggas mentally still in high school
Since the tight jeans they never liked you
Pink-ass polos with a fuckin' backpack
But everybody know you brought real rap back
Nobody had swag, man, we the Rat Pack
Virgil, Pyrex, Don C snapback
Ibn diamond, Chi-town shinin'
Monop' in this bitch again, changed the climate
Hop in this bitch and get the same thing I'm in
Until the day I get struck by lightning


I am a god
So hurry up with my damn massage
In a French-ass restaurant
Hurry up with my damn croissants
I am a god
I am a god
I am a god

AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!


I just talked to Jesus
He said, "What up, Yeezus?"
I said, "Shit I'm chillin'
Tryna stack these millions"
I know he the most high
But I am a close high
Mi casa, su casa
That's our cosa nostra
I am a god
I am a god
I am a god

AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!


Ain't no way I'm givin' up. I'm a god


I love it though
I love it though, y'know?


Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sinsation
I know I’m preaching to the congregation
We love Jesus but you done learned a lot from Satan
I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation


May the Lord forgive us, may the gods be with us
In that magic hour I seen good Christians
Make rash decisions, oh she do it
What happened to religion? Oh, she lose it
She putting on her make up, she casually allure
Text message break ups, the casualty of tour
How she gon' wake up and not love me no more?
I thought I was the asshole, I guess it’s rubbing off
Hood phenomenon, the LeBron of rhyme
Hard to be humble when you stunting on a jumbotron
I’m looking at her like this what you really wanted, huh?
Why we argue anyway? Oh, I forgot, it's summertime




When the sun go down it's the magic hour
And outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies
You got green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes
Why you standing there with your face screwed up?
Don’t leave while you're hot that’s how Mase screwed up
Throwing shit around, the whole place screwed up
Maybe I should call Mase so he could pray for us
I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat
I ordered the jerk, she said you are what you eat
You see I always loved that sense of humor
But tonight you should have seen how quiet the room was
The Lyor Cohen of Dior Homme
That's "Dior Homme", not "Dior, homie"
The crib Scarface could it be more Tony?
You love me for me? Could you be more phony?


Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
Haven’t said a word to me this evening
Cat got your tongue?


Lookin' at my bitch I bet she give your ass a bone
Lookin' at my wrist it'll turn your ass to stone
Stretch limousine, sipping Rosé all alone
Double-headed monster with a mind of his own
Cherry red chariot, excess is just my character
All black tux, nigga shoes lavender
I never needed acceptance from all you outsiders
Had cyphers with Yeezy before his mouth wired
Before his jaw shattered climbing up the Lord's ladder
We still speeding running signs like they don't matter
Uh, hater talking never made me mad
Never that when I'm in my favorite papertag
Therefore G4's at the Clearport
When it come to tools fool I'm a Pep Boy
When it came to dope I was quick to export
Never tired of ballin' so it's on to the next sport
New Mercedes sedan, the Lex sport
So many cars DMV thought it was mail fraud
Different traps, I was getting mail from
Polk County, Jacksonville, rep Melbourne
Whole clique's appetite had tapeworms
Spinning Teddy Pendergrass vinyl as my J burns
I shed a tear before the night's over
God bless the man I put this ice over
Getting 2Pac money twice over
Still a real nigga, red Coogi sweater, dice roller
I'm making love to the angel of death
Catching feelings never stumble, retracing my steps


Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you all, it all falls down
Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you all, it all falls down


Yeah, this the real one, baby
Uh, Chi-Town stand up
Southside, Southside
We gon' set this party off right
Westside, Westside
We gon' set this party off right


Man I promise, she's so self-conscious
She has no idea what she's doing in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents will look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so secure
Sophomore, three yurrs, ain't picked a carurr
She like, fuck it, I'll just stay down here and do hair
Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs of new Airs
Cause her baby-daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealin' with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail, and well




Man I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollies and Pasha's done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that ver-say-see!
Then I spent four hundred bucks on this
Just to be like, nigga you ain't up on this
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some Ones that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seems we living the American dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss cause they degrade us
We trying to buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we a stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe




I say fuck the police, that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes when we don't really need em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
Cause they make us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorty's hollerin' "where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordans, crackhead buy crack
And a white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gonna act holier than thou
Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with twenty-five thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
Cause I want to be on 106 and Park pushin' a Benz
I want to act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spendin' before I get it
We all self-conscious, I'm just the first to admit it

Now Syleena, you just like a safe belt, you saved my life


One hand in the air if you don't really care
Two hands in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, I mean ridiculous
It's like that sometimes, this shit ridiculous
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Middle finger in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, man, ridiculous
Life can be sometimes ridiculous


I'm so appalled, Spalding ball
Balding, Donald Trump taking dollars from y'all
Baby, you're fired, your girlfriend hired
But if you don't mind, I'mma keep you on call
We above the law, we don't give a fuck about y'all
I got dogs that'll chew a fucking hole through the wall
But since they all lovers, I need more rubbers
And if I don't use rubbers, need more covers
Housekeeping, I mean goddamn
One time let it be a bad bitch sweeping
That know we get O's like Cheerios
That know because they seen us in the videos
That know the day that you play me
Would be the same day MTV play videos
That was a little joke, voila
Praises due to the most high, Allah
Praises due to the most fly, Prada
Baby, I'm magic, tada
Address me as your highness, high as United
Thirty-thousand feet up and you are not invited
Niggas be writing bullshit like they gotta work
Niggas is going through real shit, man, they out of work
That's why another goddamn dance track gotta hurt
That's why I'd rather spit something that got a purp'


Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Five star dishes, different exotic fishes
Man this shit is fucking ridiculous


How should I begin this? I'm just so offended
How am I even mentioned by all these fucking beginners?
I'm so appalled, I might buy the mall
Just to show niggas how much more I have in store
I'm fresher than you all, so I don't have to pause
All of y'all can suck my balls through my drawers
Dark Knight feeling, die and be a hero
Or live long enough to see yourself become a villain
I went from the favorite to the most hated
But would you rather be underpaid or overrated?
Moral victories is for minor league coaches
And 'Ye already told you we major, you cockroaches
Show me where the boats is, Ferrari Testarossas
And Hammer went broke so you know I'm more focused
I lost 30 mil, so I spent another 30
Cause unlike Hammer, thirty million can't hurt me
Fucking insane, the fuck am I saying?
Not only am I fly, I'm fucking not playing
All these little bitches too big for they britches
Burning they little bridges, fucking ridiculous




Success is what you make it, take it how it come
A half a mil in twenties like a billion where I'm from
An arrogant drug dealer, the legend I become
CNN said I'd be dead by 21
Blackjack, I just pulled an ace
As you looking at the king in his face
Everything I dream, motherfuckers, I'm watching it take shape
While to you I'm just a young rich nigga that lacks faith
Range Rove, leather roof, love war, fuck a truce
Still move a bird like I'm in bed with Mother Goose
Them hoes coming in a baker's dozen
Claiming they was with me when they know they really wasn't
I keep the city's best, never said she was the brightest
So if you had her too, it don't affect me in the slightest
I never met a bitch that didn't need a little guidance
So I dismiss her past until she disappoints your highness
I speak the gospel, hostile
Tony doing time for what he did to nostrils
Paranoid mind, I'm still under the watchful
Eye of the law, aspire for more
Them kilos came, we gave you Bobby Brown jaw
Flaws ain't flaws when it's you that makes the call
Flow similar to the legends of the falls
Spill it, I own you all, yeah




Hah, I am so outrageous
I wear my pride on my sleeve like a bracelet
If God had an iPod, I'd be on his playlist
My phrases amazes the faces in places
The favorite, hah, my cup overrunneth with hundreds
Dummy, damn, it's hard not for me to waste it
The new Commandment: "Thou shalt not hate, kid"
My movement is like the civil rights, I'm Ralph David
Abernathy, so call my lady Rosa Parks
I am nothing like them niggas, baby, those are marks
I met this girl on Valentine's Day, fucked her in May
She found out about April, so she chose to march
Hah, damn another broken heart
I keep bitches by the twos, nigga, Noah's ark
I got a seven on me, I call my 'dro Lamar
Plus a Trojan in my pocket, Matt Leinart
G-A-T in the Pathfinder
Cause you haters got PhDs
Y'all just some major haters and some math minors
Tiger Woods, don't make me grab iron


Ayo, champagne wishes and thirty white bitches
You know the shit is fucking ridiculous
Cars for the missus and furs for the mistress
You know that shit is fucking ridiculous




I'm the only one that get the job done
I don't know a nigga that could cover for me
Yeah, got some game from my dad
He said she might say she love me
She don't love me like she say she love me
Believe me, believe me
I'm that nigga, boy they love me in the streets
I'm not tryna find nobody else to beat
I'm the one they come to see because they all
Believe me


Yeah, rip, rip rip
It's been me and Young Tune off the rip
That's the man that put me in this shit
If a nigga fuck with him, I'll put him down quick
Got a verse for anybody wanna talk about the clique
I've been takin' shit light, you don't wanna hear me trip
God damn, do y'all really know who y'all fuckin' with?
Yeah, I mean you can't blame me for wonderin'
Doesn't matter, could be winter or the summer
On the road, I do One Direction numbers, I don't fuckin' miss
Yeah, Stunna and Mack know
When Wayne was gone for eight months, we put this thing up on our back
And I was snappin' off on every single track though
Collect call from the boss like where we at though
I was like, "Hah, it's our time, nigga"
He left Rikers in a Phantom, that's my nigga
And I'll been rockin' with the team till Carter IX
And we YMCMB, waitin' on somebody to try us, nigga
Yeah




Lord knows I'll murk one of these niggas, yeah
His and hers Ferraris, nigga
One for me, one for my daughter, nigga
Waitin' for someone to test me like a Harvard nigga
I tote a 223, two Michael Jordans, nigga
Come on, fight these shell cases like a lawyer, nigga
Find out where you stay, and act like we found some oil, nigga
Out of duct tape so when he prayin' I ignore the nigga
All I gotta say is "sayonara, nigga"
Drop dead gorgeous but the bitch ain't dyin' for a nigga
Where the real queens at? Shout out Capone and Noreaga
We can shoot it out and see who live to tell the story later
Diamonds in my Rollie face cannot be exfoliated
They think I'm associated, I'm the one that orchestrated
Yayo get her ass whipped, whip that ass like horses racin'
Ain't 'bout what you walk away from, it's 'bout what you walk away with
Dead Presidents, them coffins vacant
I must be doin' somethin'




Had to get it poppin' off the rip
Rich young nigga that ain't never had to trick
Slim Thug flow but you know I like 'em thick
If she get a job at DOA, I drop her off a tip
I had to get it poppin' off the rip
I'm the one they tell yah been reppin' in the 6
Come into the city and yah niggas get to trippin'
We'll take yah to the Scarborough Bluff and drop you off a cliff
Well damn, just be happy for the man
Nirvana, Coldplay, nigga got bands
Ink from the money, got it all over my hands
Goin' out to Houston, spendin' all of my advance
V Live just took me for a cheque
"Drake you know I love you, you just took me outta debt"
Yes, right now you are lookin' at the best
Motherfuck award shows and motherfuck the press like that


Motherfuck the rest
When they jumped off the porch, I was stumblin' up the steps
I'd give what I collect before I give up my connect
It'd be a cold day in Hell, icicles made of sweat
One finger, slidin' 'cross my neck
Niggas know what that mean like they deaf
Nigga I'll fire this nina like it's her first day
On the job and the bitch overslept
Tune stay humble, nigga I'm a king
Need a horn and a drumroll
They throw motherfuckin' roses at my feet, nigga
I don't step on one rose
I'm the only one that get the job done
I don't know a nigga that can cover for me
Tape a couple kilos to the bitch stomach
She look like she got a bun in the oven from me
Preheat, believe me
All you gotta do is pay me every week
I had these bitches havin' babies every week
I'm the nigga, see me skatin' in the streets
Gone


Rip rip, nigga
C5, D-Block, LOX


Say the judge or the jury can't spoil this (Na, ahn ahn)
Nah, (two thirds) of the world's most loyalest
(I'mma shoot em), I'mma pay the bail, I'm sure of this
(I'mma kill em, I'mma get the witness), teach 'em more of this
(We never sing, not even on a song), where the chorus is
(Dig the hole, get the wood box), bring the florist in
(Tell the pastor tell the family), we was just warning them
(38's, 45's), all type of Tauruses
(About to hit the bong), pour the Holy water in
(Celebrating), for participating, (in the slaughtering)
Eating steaks at the same spot, they killed Paulie in
(Frank White's three in the quarter, taping your daughter in)
Columbia with the connect, (putting the order in)
(Nigga act, we gonna clap), like we the audience
(Make sure you ain't down to strap), get rid of all the prints
Do your homework on, (whoever you go to war against)


I had 20s on my Benz, lend it to all my friends
And everything was all gravy, everything was all gravy
And if I need something call Baby, I need something call Baby
And the streets was calling me, but a nigga had call waiting
And yeah we all went through our phases, we all went through our savings
Some niggas stayed on point, some niggas was point shaving
And sometimes we had to be vegetables
That mean we had to stay patient, cause they say you are what you eat
I took the star out of starvation, bitch
I come from a Third World, start rapping in the fourth grade
Start trapping in the sixth grade, went platinum in the tenth grade
Dropped out a nigga getting paid, this when Birdman had a fade
This when Hummers didn't come stretch, but Birdman had 'em made
This when pretty bitches set you up, and niggas didn't give two fucks
You had two guns and two phones, you could waste time and get a new cup
But this when niggas had pimp cups, and new rappers got hemmed up
And all them niggas that's biting got they fins cut


I know real niggas gon' fuck with this
Like "that's that shit I be talkin' 'bout"
I know real niggas gon' fuck with this
Like "that's that shit I be talkin' 'bout"


And we gon' be around 'till yo motherfuckin' body rot
And if the Feds bring us in we get the same time Gotti got
And if the Feds bring us in we get the same time Gotti got
And if the Feds bring us in we get the same time Gotti got


But this when niggas had pimp cups, and dirty money got rinsed up
And the early birds in the worm hole would get so fat that they'd get stuck
We'd clean our fingerprints up, we'd clean the shit we didn't touch
This when niggas called Diddy Puff
Letting Biggie bump while I'm sitting up in that big body
I can show you a dead body
Lotta niggas got pinched, and the snitches ended up dead lobsters
Wrap the birds in red tape, call them bitches Red Robins
Pops had kilos, I needed one key I would've made copies
Free my niggas down and Rest In Peace to all my dead partners
I smoke bout a pound in like a week, and fuck the Weight Watchers
Got my self a brand new triple beam, just to weigh options
I stumbled upon a gold mine, I thank God that it ain't copper
Some niggas were late bloomers, but boy, look how they've blossomed
Don't know niggas that wear wires but I know niggas that go haywire
I know hoes that play possum, and will bring us to y'all mailboxes
And dead man can't talk and the Feds don't have séances
Look you put a knot on the end of a condom full of drugs and put it in her pussy and get through customs, cause last time we just took em
I rather be blind before I be the nigga that stand around just lookin'
And you can beat around the bush and find a nigga laying behind them bushes


I know real niggas gon' fuck with this
Like "that's that shit I be talkin' 'bout"
I know real niggas gon' fuck with this
Like "that's that shit I be talkin' 'bout"




C5
Grindin’, grindin’
Grindin’, grindin’
Grindin’, grindin’
Grindin’, grindin’


I’m grindin’, I’m grindin’, I’m grindin’ I promise
I fuck her until I get tired, retire and then come out retirement
My girl like it rough she said “find me a diamond”
Her body be grindin’
Lord we be on every kind of narcotic
That make us believe, when we lyin’, we honest, I love you
Pick, Michael Jackson to Jordan to Tyson to Myers
Too much dirty money when the colors
Are washing the whites in the dryer my nigga
It ain’t rocket science just rockets
I sleep in pussy not pajamas, grindin'
I got this shit down to a science, I turn in my project, A minus
Whew, I ain’t crazy, I’m krazy and all of my niggas chaotic
Dressed in all black like they gothic
Music too loud to hear sirens, we pop, pop, pop up where you stay
Knock, knock, knock, anyone home?
Pop, pop, pop, pop then we outtie
I need a bitch like Naomi to take off her clothes like Leilani for niggas that’s grindin’


Nigga I’m grindin’ for all my shit
Grindin’ for all my shit
Yeah, I’m grindin’ for all my shit
I put time into all this shit
I’m grindin’ for all my shit
I’m grindin’ for all my shit
Perfect timing with all my shit
I’m grindin’ for all my shit


The feds be spying on all of us nigga
These hoes be lying to all of us nigga
I got news for the monogamous niggas
Yo' bitch fucking anonymous niggas
I done seen it all my nigga
Cause these hoes seeing all of my niggas
Cause what’s the hottest shit on these corners?
That’s me and all my niggas
Grind for all this shit, I ain’t ever fall for that bitch
Cause picking up the feather from a lovebird
Is like a medicine ball to that bitch
We'll bring Gucci bag in this bitch
And you know what's stashed in that bitch
These niggas walk around with they chests out
Like Janet Jackson and shit
I’m sweatin’ grindin’ this bitch, I need a shrine in this bitch
Fuck double O seven, I work twenty-four seven
Ain’t got time to bond with no bitch
Heard Jay Z got a new Cognac, where to find that shit?
The weed sticky, grind that shit
Where I got it from? Nevermind that shit




I got a new vision for all my shit
I don’t know what to call that shit
I know, I’m selling all of my cars
I’m selling all of my watches
I’m selling diamonds and all of that shit
Realized I don’t need that shit
I’m a different breed with this shit
I’m tryna turn M’s to B’s in this bitch
And I ain’t ever pay to be with no bitch
I, I, I want that Brigitte Bardot hanging over my bed
Fifty mill in one room, you, you could ask anyone out here
Who running the game? And they’ll tell you the truth
Man, they'll tell you
Oh look, they fuck with me now
I think they’re hearin' me now
Someone said "Nigga they takin' you seriously now"
I’m like "I think they just might be scared of me now"
But it’s all good, niggas wrong every day, niggas wrong every day
Go, goin' to LA where I’m tryna get high and do a song every day
Safe, we ain’t ever have to play it safe
I would rather stack it up and put it in a safe
Then peek inside the safe and see I’m runnin' out of space
Mothafucka that’s grindin'




(Grindin’, grindin’) Perfect timing
(Grindin’, grindin’)
(Grindin’, grindin’)
I would rather stack it up and put it in the safe
Then peek inside the safe and say I’m running out of space
Believe that


Scoob, find another oo-wop
Tell them niggas cool out
Cause it can be a mohafucking shoot-out
Kidnap a nigga, beat the truth out
Moms pick the suit out
Top floor, window he get threw out
Deuce out, pussy bitches, deuce out
Flying out the crew out, they flew out
Invite 'em to my new house, my new house
I’m fucking every night up in my new house
Cause bitch I worked too hard for this new house, grindin’
I’m fucking every night up in my new house
Cause bitch I worked too hard for this new house, I'm grindin’
I’m fucking every night up in my new house
Cause bitch I worked too hard for this new house, I’m grindin’


Twap, twap!
Twap, twap!
In the new house, we got the twap
She don't call me Tunechi no more, she call me bae


Oh I, don't give a fuck about these niggas all in my face
Cause I'm in the club goin' up, on a weekday
I got an off day tomorrow, I'ma sleep late
I brought a bad bitch too, she got a beef cake
And she go each way, she need a teammate
I got a bad bitch at home makin' me plates
She lock the door, set the alarm, and text me she safe
I got a big booty bitch with a petite waist
I get my back scratched up, she get her knees scraped
Then she ride that dick, oh freeway
And now them titties sittin' nice yeah, I wanna bite yeah
I could fuck you right yeah, all night yeah
That's word to my right hand, that's my mic hand
Shorty with the nice ass needs some flight plans
I'ma fuck her right fast, fly her right back
Hold up, now we suckin' and fuckin'
And suckin' and fuckin', and suckin' and fuckin'
I'm cumin', I'm cumin', I'm cumin'
She got that hoppita, hoppita, I love her
Like wobble, we tonguin', we fuckin'
We tonguin', we fuckin', I'm cumin'


I got a bitch named Vanessa, she like how I finesse her
I'm comfortable by her I put my pistol on her dresser
Had a threesome with her sister
They thought I was scared to ask them
Bust a nut then hit the bathroom
Grab a towel and clean my mess up
I be swaggin' on these hoes, I ain't laughin' with these hoes
I would crack your fuckin' skull before I crack a fuckin' joke
Got some OG straight from Cali
And some backwoods from the store
Got a message from Lil Tune
And he sent pictures of your ho
And we got groupies in the hallway
Set that dick all on her body
Bet there's roaches in my ash tray
Bitches buggin', get the OFF! spray
Girl I fuck with you the long way
Give me blow jobs on your off day
Give me blow jobs on your off day
Give me blow jobs on your off day


Oh I, don't give a fuck about all of these hoes in my face
My bitch in the club going up, on a weekday
I see the bitch you came with, I made a stink face
She said her last little boo was such a cheapskate
I put my arm around her shoulder, told her she straight
She ate the dick like Minnie Mouse eat cheese cake
She don't call me Tunechi no more, she call me bae
I said, oh you got that torture, still I take precaution
I told her I ain't none of the suckers she been involved with
I fuck her till she's exhausted, pussy tastin' like frosting
Then she get on her knees like she b-b-beggin' my pardon
That's word to my right hand, that's my dice hand
Pop that pussy like a price tag till' I white flag


I like smokin' with my bitches so I pass the blunt to Brittany
Bitches think that I'm a Hot Boy, I got dope dick bitch I'm B.G
Gettin' BJ's from your BM while the DJ play my CD
Got a bitch up in the bed gon' make it squirt and touch the TV
Skrrt skrrt skrrt skrrt skrrt, I just ditched your bitch
She ain't wanna suck my dick, she say she gave it up for lent
Thats why I fuck with her the long way
Ate that pussy on the first date, give me BJ's on your off day
Give me blow jobs on your off day


And now we suckin' and fuckin'
And suckin' and fuckin', and suckin' and fuckin'
I'm cumin', I'm cumin', I'm cumin'
Oh yeah, she got that hoppita, hoppita, I love it, I fuck her
We tonguin' and fuckin' and
Oh I, don't give a fuck about these niggas all in my face
Cause I'm in this bitch goin' up, on a weekday
I got an off day tomorrow, I'ma sleep late
I brought a bad bitch too, she got a beef cake
And she go each way, she need a teammate
I got a bad bitch at home that never debate
Sendin' pictures to my phone when she masturbate
I got a big booty bitch that keep her peach shaved
I get my back scratched up, she get her knees scraped
And then she surf that dick like a heatwave
And now them titties sittin' right yeah, I wanna bite yeah
I could fuck you right yeah, all night yeah
That's word to my right hand, that's my knife hand
And shorty with them tight pants need some flight plans
I'ma fuck her right fast, fly her right back, your ass
And now we suckin' and fuckin'
And suckin' and fuckin', and suckin' and fuckin'
I'm cumin', I'm cumin', I'm cumin'
Oh, she got that hoppita, hoppita, I love her, like wobble
We tonguin' we fuckin', we tonguin' we fuckin', I'm comin'


Gettin' BJ's from your B-M while the DJ play my CD
Skrrt skrrt skrrt skrrt
Give me BJ's on your off day, give me blow jobs on your off day
Oh yeah, she don't call me Tunechi no more, she call me bae
AK on my nightstand, right next to that Bible
But I swear with these 50 shots, I'll shoot it out with 5-0
Pockets gettin too fat, no weight watchers no lipo
Money talks. Bullshit walks on a motherfucking tight rope
And I make that pussy tap out, I knock that pussy out cold
Nigga you get beat the crap out but that's just how the dice roll
These hoes want that hose pipe, so I give all these hoes pipe
She get on that dick and stay on, all night like porch lights
Lets do it, fuck talking; we out here, we balling
And I'm spraying at these rusty niggas like WD-40
We fucked up, we Truk'd up, no if ands or but fucks
Bitch niggas go behind yo back like nun-chucks and that's fucked up
But my hoes down, my cups up, my niggas down for whatever
These bitches think they're too fly well tell em hoes I pluck feathers
I'm Tunechi, Young Tunechi, I wear Trukfit, fuck Gucci
She's blowing kisses at me with her pussy lips, smooches
And that's 2 Chainz...


Look at you, now look at us
All my niggas look rich as fuck
All my niggas live rich as fuck
All my niggas look rich as fuck


Never talk to the cops, I don't speak Pig Latin
I turn the penny to a motherfucking Janet Jackson
Tell the bitches that be hatin I ain't got no worries
I just wanna hit and run like I ain't got insurance
Ho whats yo name whats yo sign, Zodiac Killer
All rats gotta die, even Master Splinter, yeah, Murder 187
I be killing them bitches I hope all dogs go to Heaven
And I got Xanax, percocet, promethazine with codeine
Call me Mr. Sandman, I'm sellin' all these hoes dreams
Got a white girl with big titties, flat ass TV screen
I keep a bad bitch call me the BB King
And you know I got that mouth out her
And put that bitch out like a house fire
I'm killing these hoes like Michael Myers
I eat that cat just like a lion
And I can't trust none of these niggas
Can't trust none of these hoes
And I see your girl when I want, I got that ho TiVo'd
Got a red ass bitch with a red ass pussy
Nigga try me, that a dead ass pussy
Cause y'all motherfuckers so blind to the fact
To tell you the truth I don't care who's looking
All I know is I love my bitch
That pussy feel just like heaven on earth
Six feet deep, dick shovel in the dirt, R.I.P. - Rest In Pussy
Light that shit then pass that shit, we gon get so smoked out
And then I went got locked up, every night I dreamt I broke out
One Time for them pussy niggas, that's that shit I don't like
We eating over here nigga, fuck around and have a food fight
And that's 2 Chainz...




Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch


Excuse my charisma, vodka with a spritzer
Swagger down pat, call my shit Patricia
Young Money militia and I am the commissioner
You no wan' start Weezy cause the 'F' is for finisher
So misunderstood, but what's a world without enigma?
Two bitches at the same time, synchronized swimmers
Got the girl twisted cause she open when you twist her
Never met the bitch, but I fuck her like I missed her
Life is the bitch, and death is her sister
Sleep is the cousin, what a fuckin' family picture
You know Father Time, and we all know Mother Nature
It's all in the family, but I am of no relation
No matter who's buyin', I'm a celebration
Black and white diamonds, fuck segregation
Fuck that shit, my money up, you niggas just Honey Nut
Young Money runnin' shit and you niggas just runner-ups
I don't feel I done enough, so I'mma keep on doin' this shit
Lil Tunechi or Young Tuna Fish




I'm goin' back in
Okay, I lost my mind, it's somewhere out there stranded
I think you stand under me if you don't understand me
Had my heart broken by this woman named Tammy
But hoes gon' be hoes, so I couldn't blame Tammy
Just talked to Moms, told her she the sweetest
I beat the beat up, call it self-defense
Swear, man, I be seein' through these niggas like sequins
Niggas think they He-Men, pow, pow, the end
Talkin' to myself because I am my own consultant
Married to the money, fuck the world, that's adultery
You full of shit, you close your mouth and let yo' ass talk
Young Money eatin', all you haters do is add salt
Stop playin', bitch, I got this game on deadbolt
Mind so sharp, I fuck around and cut my head off
Real nigga all day and tomorrow
But these motherfuckers talkin' crazy like they jaw broke
Glass half empty, half full, I'll spill ya
Try me and run into a wall: outfielder
You know I'mma ball 'til they turn off the field lights
The fruits of my labor, I enjoy 'em while they still ripe
Bitch, stop playin', I do it like a king do
If these niggas animals, then I'mma have a mink soon
Tell 'em bitches I say put my name on the wall
I speak the truth, but I guess that's a foreign language to y'all
And I call it like I see it, and my glasses on
But most of y'all don't get the picture 'less the flash is on
Satisfied with nothin', you don't know the half of it
Young Money, Cash Money
Paper chasin', tell that paper, "Look, I'm right behind ya"
Bitch, real G's move in silence like lasagna
People say I'm borderline crazy, sorta kinda
Woman of my dreams, I don't sleep so I can't find her
You niggas are gelatin, peanuts to an elephant
I got through that sentence like a subject and a predicate
Yeah, with a swag you would kill for
Money too strong, pockets on bodybuilder
Jumped in a wishin' well, now wish me well
Tell 'em kiss my ass, call it kiss and tell


Word to my mama, I'm out of my lima bean
Don't wanna see what that drama mean, get some Dramamine
Llama scream, hotter than summer sun on a Ghana queen
Now all I want is hits, bitch, Wayne signed a fiend
I played the side for you niggas that's tryna front, and see
Son of Gun, Son of Sam, you nigga's the son of me
Pause for this dumber speech, I glow like Buddha
Disturb me, and you'll be all over the flo' like Luda
Bitch, I flow like scuba, bitch, I'm bold like Cuba
And I keep a killer ho, she gon' blow right through ya
I be mackin', 'bout my stackin', now I pack like a mover
Shout to ratchet for backin' out on behalf of my shooter
Niggas think they high as I, I come laugh at your ruler
Cash Money cold, bitch, but our actions is cooler
Wayne, these niggas out they mind
I done told these fuck niggas so many times
That I keep these bucks steady on my mind
Tuck these, I fuck these on your mind, pause
To feed them, on my grind, did I get a little love
Keep throwin' my sign in the middle
Hit 'em up, piece on my side, cause ain't no peace on my side, bitch
I'm a man, I visit urinals with pride
Tune told me to, I'm shootin' when the funeral outside
I'm uptown, thoroughbred, a BX nigga, ya heard? Gunna
I'm on that good kush and alcohol
I got some down bitches I can call
I don't know what I would do without y'all
I'mma ball til the day I fall

Yeah, long as my bitches love me (yeah, yeah)
I can give a fuck 'bout no hater
Long as my bitches love me
I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas
Long as these bitches love me


Uh, pussy ass nigga stop hatin'
Lil Tunechi got that fire and these hoes love me like Satan, man
Fuck with me and get bodied
And all she eat is dick, she's on a strict diet, that's my baby
With no makeup she a ten
And she the best with that head
Even better then Karrine
She don't want money
She want the time that we could spend
She said "Cause I really need somebody
So tell me you're that somebody"
Girl, I fuck who I want and fuck who I don't
Got that A1 credit, that's that filet mignon
She said "I never want to make you mad
I just want to make you proud"
I said "Baby just make me cum
Then don't make a sound"




Real nigga fuck these haters
These hoes got pussies like craters
Can't treat these hoes like ladies, maaaan!
Pussy, money, weed, codeine
She said my dick feel like morphine
I hope my name taste like sardines to these niggas
She wake up, eat this dick
Call that breakfast in bed, $69.96
I feel her heartbeat, I chest to chest with this bitch
Now turn around, face down, I'm arrestin' this bitch
All my bitches love me and I love all my bitches
But it's like as soon as I cum, I come to my senses
And I would say these hoes names
But then I would be snitching
And these haters try to knock me
But they can't knock me off the hinges
Lil Tunechi!



 (x2)
I lost a few good bitches
Met some more bad bitches
And I be schooling them niggas
Pose for your class picture
Now kiss my ass if you hating
I'm getting ass or I'm skating
Bitch




Young Money! You dig? Mack, I'm going in


A millionaire
I'm a Young Money millionaire, tougher than Nigerian hair
My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair
I'm a venereal disease like a menstrual bleed
Through the pencil I leak on the sheet of the tablet in my mind
Cause I don't write shit cause I ain't got time
Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the almighty dollar
And the almighty power of that ch-cha-cha-chopper
Sister, brother, son, daughter, father, mother-fuck a copper
Got the Maserati dancing on the bridge, pussy popping
Tell the coppers ha-ha-ha-ha, you can't catch 'em, you can't stop 'em
I go by them goon rules, if you can't beat 'em then you pop 'em, you can't man 'em then you mop 'em, you can't stand 'em then you drop 'em
You pop 'em cause we pop 'em like Orville Redenbacher


Mothafucka, I'm ill


A million here a million there
Sicilian bitch with long hair, with coke in her derriere
Like smoke in the thinnest air, I open the Lamborghini
Hoping them crackers see me like look at that bastard Weezy
He's a beast, he's a dog, he's a mothafuckin' problem
Okay, you're a goon but what's a goon to a goblin?
Nothing, nothing, you ain't scaring nothing
On some faggot bullshit, call 'em Dennis Rodman
Call me what you want, bitch, call me on my Sidekick
Never answer when it's private, damn I hate a shy bitch
Don't you hate a shy bitch? Yeah, I ate a shy bitch
And she ain't shy no more, she changed her name to My Bitch
Yeah, nigga, that's my bitch, so when she ask
For the money when you through, don't be surprised, bitch
It ain't trickin' if you got it
But you like a bitch with no ass: you ain't got shit
Motherfucka I'm ill, not sick and I'm okay, but my watch sick
Yeah, my drop sick, yeah, my Glock sick, and my knot thick, I'm it




They say I'm rapping like B.I.G, Jay, and 2Pac
André 3000, where is Erykah Badu at? Who that?
Who that said they gon' beat Lil' Wayne?
My name ain't Bic, but I keep that flame, man
Who that one that do that boy, you knew that, true that, swallow
And I be the shit, now you got loose bowels
I don't O U like two vowels
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
And I'd rather be pushing flowers
Than to be in the pen sharing showers
Tony told us this world was ours
And the Bible told us every girl was sour
Don't play in her garden and don't smell her flower
Call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower
Boy, I got so many bitches like I'm Mike Lowrey
Even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me
Mothafucka, I say life ain't shit without me
Chrome lips poking out the coupe, look like it's pouting
I do what I do and you do what you can do about it
Bitch, I can turn a crack rock into a mountain, dare me
Don't you compare me cause there ain't nobody near me
They don't see me but they hear me, they don't feel me, but they fear me
I'm illy, C3, 3 Peat
I tell her "now gon' pop that pussy for a real nigga"
I already know that life is deep, but I still dig her
Niggas is jealous, but really I could care less
I'm in Hell's Kitchen with an apron and a hairnet
Devil on my shoulder, the Lord as my witness
So on my Libra scale, I'm weighing sins and forgiveness
What goes around comes around like a hula hoop
Karma is a bitch? Well just make sure that bitch is beautiful
Life on the edge, I'm dangling my feet
I tried to pay attention but attention paid me
Haters can't see me: nose-bleed seats
And today I went shopping and talk is still cheap
I rock to the beat of my drum set
I been at the top for a while and I ain't jump yet
But I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit
Now jump up on that dick and do a full split!


Uh, she just started to pop it for a nigga
And looked back and told me baby it's real
And I say I ain't doubt you for a second
I squeeze it and I could tell how it feel
I wish we could take off and go anywhere
But here, baby you know the deal
Cause she bad, so maybe she won't
Uh, but shit, then again, maybe she will
Do it for the realest niggas in the fucking game right now, she will
Do it for the realest niggas in the fucking game right now, she will
Maybe for the money and the power and fame right now, she will
Do it for the realest niggas in the fucking game right now, she will


I tell her "now gon' pop that pussy for me"
Haters can't see me but them bitches still looking for me
And you could take it to the bank and deposit that
Put your two cents in and get a dollar back
Some people hang you out to dry like a towel rack
I'm all about "I", give the rest of the vowels back
I like my girl thick, not just kinda fine
Eat her til she cry, call that "wine and dine"
Try to check me and I'm-a have em checkin pulses
They say "choose wisely" that's why I was chosen
Rocking like the asphalt, it's the cash's fault
Looked in the face of death and took its mask off
Now I like my house big and my grass soft
I like my girl's face south and her ass north
But I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit
Now hop up on my dick and do a full split!


Tell me something I don't know, I'm flexing on 'em like torsos
These niggas slipping like bar soap, these niggas listening use Morse code
Boy a nigga sipping like parched throat, (clears throat) excuse me?
These niggas talking that beef shit, we'll check into it like the room cheap
And all we sell is the greatest feeling on Earth
They paint me as a villain, I just autograph the artwork
Ain't got nothing left to prove unless I got to prove it in court
Live fast die young and leave a beautiful corpse, yes Lord
My nigga order like twenty bricks, I sent five bricks with four chicks
Ridin' with these guns that's carpoolin', bought extra clips when I dove in
Miss Snow White, we snowed in, nigga miss me with that ho shit
Kill all rats, I toast to that, and watch everybody I toast with
Kill everybody you close with, just don’t stick your nose in
My bullshit cause I close it like a clothespin
The people that I rolls with will leave holes in what you drove in
If anyone in that car live, you tell that nigga I owe him, yeah
I got my mind right, my money right, my head on my shoulder
And my eyesight a lil blurry but it's stayin' on my quota
And we find out moms address and your head get mailed over
Nigga you make that bed, you lay in that bed or get that bitch made over, Tunechi


You so crazy
Tunechi, you so crazy - bitch
I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know
They say Tunechi, Tunechi, Tunechi, Tunechi
You so cray, bitch


Tell me something I don’t know, I’ll tell you something I do know
Like money drugs bitches guns, niggas call me mucho
Got witches all in my broom closet, got little killers in JuCo
We’ll find out your business hours and pop up like new toast
Like danger taste like glucose, my shadow don’t get too close
To that new nigga with my old hoes, kudos
For my niggas on Rikers Island back there playing Uno
Getting swole like Popeye for niggas walking around like Bruno
I’m in the bed with a duo, laid up like two points
A.K to your face, knock half off like coupons
Too cool for school but I sold cool points to school boys
Tell the cops we don’t name drop that's like dropping newborns
Nigga you crazy


You so crazy, Tunechi
These hoes made me


Nigga tell me somethin' I don't know, -
Like where the fuck did my heart go?And show me something
I haven’t seen,and give me what helped Martin sleep
On the same night he had a dream,and
Take me to where I’ve never been, but not to where I never be in
I ain’t never scared, but I’m scared of me, me vs. me I need a referee
Need weaponry, especially if the treasury in jeopardy
Fuck deputy, big letter B, need equity, need credit cleaned
To trafficking from peddling like everything, from amphetamines To medicine,,these niggas sweeter than nectarine and   Grenadine, Ha!




Tell me something I don’t know, like what happened to hard coke
You can call me Eddie, cause I stay ready,my family call me Eduardo
I’m music to these bitches ears, I hit that ass like the wrong note
My bitch bad with corn rows,with boots on in farm clothes
You can find me prancing, in the finest mansion
With the finest dancer,with a height advantage
She want cocaine, pills and weed, liquor and dick
She gotta micro manage,I'm just eating rappers
They go nice in salads, with some diced up carrots
I just like a challenge, psychopathic, so psychopathic
Nigga give me credit, on my balance
Lil Tunechi


Stand up niggas
(And I bump my head when I stand up)
You can look me in my face (I ain't got no worries)x3
See the sh-rooms keep me up (I ain't got no worries)x3
You see money right there, yeah that's Tunechi right there (turn up)
Yeah that's Mack Maine right there, and we ain't got no worries
You see pussy right there redbone mangos right there
See them sh-roomies right there we ain't got no worries


Tunechi in this bitch, errybody should be worried
Them pussy niggas be purring, bitches be diggin' me I feel buried
And if she make this dick hard, she woke up a sleeping giant
Man your bitch speak in tongues every time we speak in private
Hope your barber shop open cause we got hair triggers
Smoke so much that Smokey the Bear’ll have to bear with us
And that Jeep with the doors off that means that bitch sleep
All these bitches think they’re the shit, I’ll send them up shit’s creek
You see Tunechi right here, give me brain ideas
It's ok if you turn up just don't turn off my light years
All I know is I do it what I'm smoking I grew it
B’s up, Blood Gang; Piru it, and all rats gotta die even Stuart
On my private jet and my stewardess is your bitch nigga, bitch Nigga
I know gold-diggers and ditch-diggers
You don't get dissed, you get disfigured
She say sorry I didn't shave so that pussy a little furry
I put that pussy in my face: I ain't got no worries
Tunechi




We ain't got no worries
She bad as a hooker, so she ain't got no worries
She want me to eat her sugar, I say "Why you in a hurry?"
She say "Why you asking questions?" I say "Bitch you trynna be funny!"
Now take your fucking clothes off, let me see that Donkey Kong
I swing your ass back and forth, back and forth on my monkey bar
That camel toe that camel toe, no worries no panty-hose
These niggas falling off like baggy clothes, I smoke more than a magic show
I swear I saw my ho, I swear she was with my ho
You know I fuck them both, sore pussy and sore throat
Bitch it's Tunechi and I'm out chea, no worries no worries
I would talk about my dick, but man that shit be a long story
YEAHHH, OHH SHIT, UH HUH, YEAHH, YOUNG MULA BABY!


Fo’ fo’ bulldog: my motherfucking pet
I point it at you and tell that motherfucker "fetch"
I’m fucking her good, she got her legs on my neck
I get pussy, mouth and ass, call that bitch triple threat
When I was in jail she let me call her collect
But if she get greedy, I’ma starve her to death
Top down, it’s upset
Been fucking the world and nigga I ain't cum yet
You fuck with me wrong, I knock your head off your neck
The flight too long, I got a bed on the jet
The guns are drawn and I ain't talking 'bout a sketch
I pay these niggas with a reality check
Prepared for the worst but still praying for the best
This game is a bitch I got my hand up her dress
The money don’t sleep, so Weezy can’t rest
And AK-47 is my fucking address, huh


I’m not a star, somebody lied, I got a chopper in the car
I got a chopper in the car, I got a chopper in the car
Load up the choppers like it’s December 31st
Roll up and cock it and hit them niggas where it hurts
If I die today, remember me like John Lennon
Buried in Louis, I’m talking all brown linen, huh


Big black nigga in a icey watch
Shoes on the coupe, bitch I got a Nike shop
Count the profits you could bring 'em in a Nike box
Grinding in my Jordans kick 'em off they might be hot, swish!
I’m swimming in a yellow bitch in the red 911 looking devilish
Red beam make a bitch nigga sit down
Thought it were bullet proof till he got hit the fifth time
Drop palmolive in a nigga dope
Make it come back even harder than before
Baby I’m the only one that paid your car notes
Well connected got killers off in Chicago




Talk stupid, get ya head popped
I got that Esther, bitch I’m Redd Foxx
Big B’s, Red Sox, I get money to kill time, dead clocks
Your fucking with a nigga who won’t give a fuck
Empty the clip then roll the window up
Pussy nigga sweet, them niggas Cinnabon
I’m in a red bitch, she said she finna come
200 thou' on a chain, I don’t need a piece
That banana clip, let Chiquita speak
Dark shades, Eazy E, five letters, YMCMB
Bitch ass nigga, pussy ass nigga
I see ya looking, with ya looking ass nigga
You know the rules, kill them all and keep moving
If I died today it’d be a holiday


I’m not a star, somebody lied
I got a chopper in the car, so don’t make it come alive
Rip yo ass apart then I pull myself together
YMCMB, double M, we rich forever
The bigger the bullet the more that bitch gon' bang
Red on the wall, Basquiat when I paint
Red Lamborghini till I gave it to my bitch
My first home invasion, papi gave me 40 bricks
Son of a bitch, then I made a great escape
Ain't it funny momma, only son be baking cakes
Pull up in the sleigh, hop out like I’m Santa Claus
Niggas gather round, got gifts for each and all of y’all
Take it home and let it bubble that's the double up
If you get in trouble that just mean you fucking up
It’s a cold World I need a bird to cuddle up
I call the plays, motherfucker huddle up




I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes
Hate in my heart, love in my mind
I seen nights full of pain, days are the same
You keep the sunshine, save me the rain
I search but never find, hurt but never cry
I work and forever try but I'm cursed, so never mind
And it's worse, but better times seem further and beyond
The top gets higher the more that I climb
The spot gets smaller and I get bigger
Trying to get in where I fit in; no room for a nigga
But, soon for a nigga it be on, motherfucker
Cause, all this bullshit done made me strong, motherfucker


So I pick the world up and I'mma drop it on your fucking head
Bitch, I pick the world up and I'mma drop it on your fucking head
And I could die now, rebirth, motherfucker
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth, motherfucker
I'm gone
Motherfucker, I'm gone


I know what they don't wanna tell you
Just hope you're heaven-sent, and you're hell-proof
I walk up in the world and cut the lights off
And confidence is a stain they can't wipe off
My word is my pride
But wisdom is bleak, and that's a word from the wise
Served to survive, murdered and bribed
And when it got too heavy, I put my burdens aside




I'm gone, I'm gone
It hurts but I never show this pain you'll never know
If only you could see just how lonely and how cold
And frostbit I've become, my back's against the wall
When push come to shove, I just stand up and scream "fuck em all"


Man, it feels like these walls are closin' in, this roof is cavin' in
Up it's time to raise it, then
Your days are numbered like pages in
My book of rhymes. Got em cooking, boy
This crooked mind of mines got em all shook
And scared to look in my eyes
I stole that fucking clock, I took the time
And I came up from behind and pretty much snuck up
And butt-fucked this game up
Better be careful when you bring my name up
Fuck this fame, that ain't what I came to claim
But the game ain't gonna be the same on the day that I leave it
But I swear, one way or another
I'mma make these fuckin' haters believe it
I swear to God, won't spare the rod
I'm a man of my words so your fucking heads better nod
Or I'mma fuck around in this bitch and roast everybody
Sleep on me, that pillow is where your head'll lie
Permanently, bitch, it's beddy-bye
This world is my Easter egg, yeah, prepare to die!
My head is swole, my confidence is up, this stage is my pedestal
I'm unstoppable, Incredible Hulk; you're trapped in my medicine ball
I could run circles around you so fast
Your fuckin' head'll spin, dogg
I'll split your cabbage and your lettuce and olives, ill fuckin'


No homo
I say he's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper


Lollipop, lollipop
Breasts is just like Dolly Parton
She ride my spaceship 'til she hit the top
That hit the spot, 'til she ask
"How many li-i-li-i-licks do it take 'til she get to shop?"
Don't worry why my wrists got so freeze?
Tell her, "Girl, like Doritos, that's nacho cheese"
Tell her friends, "Like Fritos, I'm trying to lay"
I can't only have one and I ain't tryin to wait"
This a song with Wayne, so you know it's gonna melt
But you ain't finna murder me like everybody else
I'mma rap like I got some type of respect for myself
I don't do it for my health, man I do it for the belt
Man, I do it to the death, 'til the roof get melt
Hundred degrees, drop the roof, so the coupe don't melt
Man, the flow so cold chicken soup won't help
We need fo' mo' hoes, we need oh-oh-oh-oh!
You know what it is when we're outta town
We ball in 2 seats, and you out of bounds
So come here baby girl
You're now fuckin' with the best in the world
Lollipop
The best in the wo-rld


She lick me like a lollipop
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump, you know I like to touch your lovely lady lumps


Shawty say she wanna lick the wrapper
And she gonna lick the rapper
And I just wanna act like a porno-flicking actor
I Anita Bake-her, now she caught up in that Rapture
I got so much chips, I swear they call me Hewlett Packard
I got so much chips you can have a bag if you're a snacker
Greedy mutha-fudge cake, now tell me how that fudge tastes
I do it for bloods' sake, soo-woo think it's voodoo
How that roof do di-di-dissipate, your girl wants to participate
She so so sophisticate, cause her brain is off the chain
And then my diamonds are in the choir, because they sang from off my chain
And my Nina just joined the gang, because, all she do is bang!
Like Ricky Martin; Wayne and Kanye: pick your poison
If that woman wanna cut, then tell her I am Mr. Ointment
Tell her to make an appointment with Mr. I-Can't-Make-An-Appointment
Take my lollipop and enjoy it




Why would she? She probably be the odd cookie
In the plastic bag 'bout to get crushed by a building
I flushed out the feeling of me being the shit
Cause I was leaving skid marks on everywhere I sit
I am everywhere, I'm it like, Hide-n-Go
And I can go anywhere: innie, minnie, miney, mo
I'm in your neighborhood, area, CD thing, tape deck
IPod, your girlfriend - and she say I got great sex
Safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex
Cause you don't want that late text, that "I think I'm late" text
So wrap it up!
But he's so sweet she wanna lick the wrapper
Who else is really trying to fuck with Hollywood Cole
I'm with Marley G's bro
Flying Holly Grove chicks to my Hollywood shows
And I wanna tell you something that you probably should know
This that Slum Dog Millionaire Bollywood flow and uh
My real friends never hearing from me
Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me
That's why I pick and choose, I don't get shit confused
I got a small circle, I'm not with different crews
We walk the same path, but got on different shoes
Live in the same building, but we got different views
I got a couple cars, I never get to use
Don't like my women single, I like my chicks in twos
And these days all the girls are down to roll
I hit the strip club, and all them bitches find the pole
Plus I be sipping, so this shit is moving kinda slow
Just tell my girl to tell her friend that it's time to go


Now tell me how you love it
You know you at the top when only heaven is right above it
We on, it's Young Money motherfucker
If you ain't running with it, run from it motherfucker
Alright, now somebody show some money in this bitch
And I got my b's with me like some honey in this bitch, you dig
I got my gun in my boo purse
And I don't bust back, because I shoot first


Meet me on the fresh train, yes I'm in the building
You just on the list of guest names
And all of my riders do not give a fuck, X-Games
Guns turn you boys into pussies, sex change
And I smoke 'til I got chest pains
And you niggas know I rep my gang like Jesse James
Women are possessive, and they wanna possess Wayne
I been fly so long I fell asleep on the fucking plane
Skinny pants and some Vans
Call me Triple A, get my advance in advance, amen
As the world spinning, dance in my hands
Life is a beach, I'm just playing in the sand
Uh, wake up and smell the pussy
You niggas can't see me, but never overlook me
I'm on a paper trail and ain't no telling where it took me
Yeah, and I ain't a killer but don't push me




How do you say what's never said?
Beautiful black woman, I bet that bitch look better red
Limping off tour, cause I made more on my second leg
Muthafuckin' Birdman Jr., 11th Grade
Ball on automatic start
I can hand it to Drake or do a quarterback draw
Wildcat offense, check the paw prints
We in the building, you niggas in apartments
Uh, now come on be my blood donor
Flow so nice you ain't gotta put a rug on her
Do it big and let the small fall under that
Damn where you stumbled at? From where they make Gumbo at
Kane got the fucking beat jumping like a jumping jack
And you know me, I get on this bitch and have a heart attack
Hip-Hop, I'm the heart of that
Nigga, nothing short of that
President Carter, Young Money Democrat




Camo shorts and Bubba Kush
We can talk she'd rather fuss
This and that 'bout such and such
Damn, where is the fucking trust
I'm tired of the hoop and hollering
I'm 'bout to take the coupe to Collins
Then take a female to the Island
Then take her clothes off and do the honors
Yeah, now she hear I'm with them other bitches
Yeah, I told her mind her fucking business
Shit she probably out here fucking niggas
I'm fucking her friends, now her friends ain't even fucking with her
Damn, she text me all day and night
So pissed off she ain't even spelling shit right
I text her back, tell her it's life
Now somebody tell them hoes, I'm single for the night


Yeah, I'm single
Nigga had to cancel that bitch like Nino
I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me
And I'm single, yeah, I'm single
And I'm single, tonight I'm single
And I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me tonight


Dreads braided to the back
I'm chilling but my swag on full attack
And my girl acting like a brat
So when she call, I don't answer I just write her back
She hate it when I do that shit
And I when get home she go through my shit
She call numbers back to see who that is
Man I hate it when she do that shit
Polo t-shirt, polo drawers
Now make me take this polo off
Girl you can get broken off
Yeah, I fuck you for an hour than I smoke it off
Swimming trunks and bathing suits
They go in the bedroom and tell the naked truth
Don't wanna fuss, ain't tryna fight
Man somebody tell them hoes I'm single for the night




Now she got on a fuck 'em dress
And I got on my double-breast
And he been fussing all day with her
And I make her feel special like a place kicker
She wanna be Weezy F Baby-sitter
Say she wish she could cut my dick off and take it with her
I say hold on, she say she just playing
Then I falls in that pussy like quick sand
Hot sex and cold wine
She left that nigga hanging like a clothes line
I cut my phones off: both lines
It's about to get nasty: pork rinds
She came hard both times
We both say we single and we both lying
We both wrong, but it feel right
Put your hands up if you single for the night


Baby, understand me now
If sometimes you see that I'm mad
Don't you know no one alive can always be an angel
When everything goes wrong: you see some bad
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood


What's understood ain't gotta be explained
But you don't understand me so let me explain
Stood in the heat, the flames, the snow
Please slow down hurricane
The wind blow, my dreads swang
He had hair like wool, like Wayne
Dropping ashes in the bible
I shake 'em out and they fall on the rifle
Scary, hailmary, no tale fairy
All real very, extraordinary
Perry Mason facing, the barrel if he tattle
My God is my judge, no gown no gavel
I'm a rebel, down to battle
Now or never, I would never end it ever
Fucking fantastic, fuck if you agree
I'm bright, but I don't give a fuck if you see me


I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood


What's understood ain't gotta be explained
So for those who understand meet Dwayne
For 8 and a half months I gave Ms. Cita pain
Now it's Young Money baby, keep the change
My mama say fuck em and we the same
So hello motherfucker you got some sheets to change
And ain't it funny how people change like Easter Sunday
You know church fit then outfit
Bright pink and green chest look house lit
Bright pinky rings but that ain't about this
What you 'bout bitch?
Excuse my French emotion and my passion
But I wear my heart on my sleeve like it's the new fashion
What are you asking? If I don't have the answer
It's probably on the web, like I'm a damn tarantula
But I know you don't understand
Cause you thought Lil Wayne was Weezy
But Weezy is Dwayne




I was watching t.v. the other day, right
Got this white guy up there talking about black guys
Talking about how young black guys are targeted
Targeted by who? America
You see, one in every 100 Americans are locked up
One in every 9 black Americans are locked up
And see, what the white guy was trying to stress was that
The money we spend on sending a motherfucker to jail
A young motherfucker to jail
Would be less to send his or her young ass to college
See, and another thing the white guy was stressing was that
Our jails are populated with drug dealers
You know crack cocaine, stuff like that
Meaning; due to the laws we have on crack cocaine and regular cocaine
Police are only, I don't want to say only "right", but shit
Only logic by riding around in the hood all day
And not in the suburbs
Because crack cocaine is mostly found in the hood
And you know the other thing is mostly found in you know where I'm going
But why bring a motherfucker to jail if it's not gonna stand up in court
Because this drug ain't that drug, you know level 3, level 4 drug, shit like that
I guess it's all a misunderstanding, and uh
I sit back and think, you know us young motherfuckers you know that 1 in 9
We probably only selling the crack cocaine because we in the hood
And it's not like in the suburbs, we don't have what you have
Why? I really don't wanna know the answer, but uh
I guess we just misunderstood huh
You know we don't have room in the jail now
For the real motherfuckers, the real criminals
Sex offenders, rapists, serial killers
Shit like that
Don't get scared, don't get scared
I know you saw one o' them sex offenders papers
Don't trip he live right on the end of yo' block
Mhm yea, that nigga live right down the street from you
Sex offender on the level 3 drug
Convicted, ex-con
Yea check 'em out
And what you got, you got a daughter, son, what you got?
Haha yea, you know what?
*Cough cough* That's the good weed
You know what, I have a fucking daughter
You understand me and why the fuck would you bring my neighbor to jail
Just because the reason why he live next door to me
Ain't the reason I live next door to him?
Meaning he didn't rap his way to my fucking neighborhood
He sold crack cocaine to get to my neighborhood
You move him out bring him to jail for life
And then you move in the sex offender
Haha, hey give me a paper
Haha is that a misunderstanding because I don't understand it
Another thing, let me take my glasses off
Cause I wanna see the reaction on their faces when I say this
Uh Mr. Al Sharpton
Here is why I don't respect you and nobody like you
See, you're the type that gets off on getting on other people
That's not good, no homo
Rather unhuman, I should say
I mean giving the fact that humanity, well good humanity rather
To me is helping one another
No matter your color or race
But this guy and people like him, they?d rather speculated before they informate
If that's a word, hahaha you know spec before check?
Anyways meaning I'd much rather
You talk to me first and see if you can lend an opinion before you make one
Just my thought of good humanity Mr. Sharpton
Hold on I ain't finished with you man
I gotta pluck the ashes, mhm, hold on, um
Mr. Sharpton and anyone like you; you don't know me
So if your not going to try to then what you say or think about me
Or whatever I do is totally Casper the friendly ghost to me
And it doesn't make you a good person to criticize before you improvise
Doesn't necessarily make you a bad person either
But the characteristics fall heavily into bads way, haha
But since I am human I am good and bad, as well
But I try my hardest to stay good
And some of the things I do and say may be bad
Or just not too good
But I do try
So with that said I don't fault you
I mean your only human, good or bad
But I also don't respect you
And I don't care if that's good or bad
You see, you are no MLK, you are no Jesse Jackson
You are nobody, to me
You're just another Don King, with a perm
Hahaha just a little more political
And that just means you're a little unhuman, than us humans
And now let me be human by saying
Fuck Al Sharpton and anyone like him
Fuck if you understand me
I love being misunderstood
Haha why?
Cause I live in the suburbs
But I come from the hood
Bring the hook in


With everything happening today
You don't know whether you're coming or going
But you think that you're on your way
Life lined up on the mirror don't blow it


Look at me when I'm talking to you
You looking at me but I'm looking through you
I see the blood in your eyes
I see the love in disguise
I see the pain hidden in your pride
I see you're not satisfied
And I don't see nobody else
I see myself, I'm looking at the..


Mirror on the wall, here we are again
Through my rise and fall, you've been my only friend
You told me that they can't understand the man I am
So why are we here talking to each other again


I see the truth in your lies
I see nobody by your side
But I'm with you when you're all alone
And you correct me when I'm looking wrong
I see that guilt beneath the shame
I see your soul through your window pane
I see the scars that remain
I see Wayne, I'm lookin at the..




Looking at me now I can see my past
Damn I look just like my fucking dad
Light it up, that's smoke and mirrors
I even look good in the broken mirror
I see my mama smile that's a blessing
I see the change, I see the message
And no message coulda been any clearer
So I'm starting with the man in the..


MJ taught me that
Take 'em to Mars, man




Hey B.P., looks like I did take 'em to Mars this time?

So why are we, talking to each other again...


Yo Drew and Inf, this right here is crazy
I feel big, you know what I mean
Like not...not big in the sense of weight
You know what I mean...like gaining weight
Or nothing like that, like colossal
I heard you were lookin' for me


Hey Mr. Carter
Tell me where have you been
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why


To you forever: from me to you
I heard somebody say Church, I'ma need a suit
I'ma need a coupe, I won't need a roof
Flyer then "Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice"
I got the flow, I'm trying to see the roof
Didn't wear a bulletproof, so I got shot and you can see the proof
Blind eyes could look at me and see the truth
Wonder if Stevie do? But I'mma leave it to
God, not Beaver, neither you
Cause I'mma murder Y, kill O and even U
Man, I got Summer hatin' on me cause I'm hotter then the Sun
Got Spring hating on me cause I ain't never sprung
Winter hatin' on me cause I'm colder than y'all
And I would never, I would never, I would never fall
I'm bein' hated by the seasons
So fuck y'all who hatin' for no reason




I been in and out the bank, bitch
While y'all asshole niggas been on the same shit
I flush and watch 'em go down the drain quick
Two words you never hear: "Wayne quit!"
Cause Wayne win and they lose
I call them April babies, cause they fools
And when they snooze, we up
Feet up like a, parapleguc
Or paraplegic? I parallel park
In that red-and-yellow thing, old school Atlanta Hawk
Like I'm from College Park, but I'm from Hollygrove
Now all my Bloods scream "Soo woo and "Da da do"
I know my role and I play it well
And I weigh it well, on my Libra scale
I suck a pussy, fuck a pussy leave it there
Long hair, don't even care




I'm right here in my chair with my crown, and my dear
Queen B, as I share mic time with my heir
Young Carter, go farther, go further, go harder
Is that not why we came, and if not then why bother
Show no mercy to Murcielago
Far from being the bastard that Marcy had fathered
Now my name's been mentioned with the martyrs
The Biggies and the Pacs and the Marleys and the Marcuses
Garvey, got me a molotov cocktail
Flow, even if you box well, can't stop the blows
Kaboom! The Roc Boy in the room
The Dope Boy just came off the spoon
Also, I'm so fly I'm on auto-
Pilot, while guys just stare at my wardrobe
I see Euros, that's right: plural
I took so much change from this rap game it's your go
(Young!)


It's my go, yeah
And I'ma go so opposite of soft
Off the richter, Hector
Camacho Man Randy Savage
Far from average, above status-quo, flow so pro
I know, I ride slow and when I pass
They say, "what up, Killa?"
Man, stop bringing up my past
And next time you mention Pac, Biggie, or Jay-Z
Don't forget Weezy baby




And I swear to everything, when I leave this earth
It's gonna be on both feet, never knees in this dirt
And you can try me, fucker, but when I squeeze, it hurt
Ahh, we'll lose 2 lives: yours and mine
Give me any amount of time, don't let Miss Carter grieve
At the funeral parlor, dripping tears down my sleeve
Give me any amount of time, don't let Miss Carter grieveI remember then, back in December, it was winter like '89
Shit I must have been 7 goin' on 8
And comin' from da kitchen was an echo from all the bass
And I ain't talkin bout speakers
I saw my daddy in there I would stare
But I wouldn't touch
But it wasn't because I didn't know enough
Shit, I just knew too much
So I stop bein' lazy, and I became creative
And I learned how to create it
And all that pot's for me
So come see, or come eat

And I hope that she is having da ride of her life
No red lights in sight
Just a bare room with green lights
Come on now
Who did you, where did you, why did you what did you think she was
That's your ho
But does her water help your garden grow... no

Yeah I know that was crazy
But I think you are more crazy... yer than her
Cuz she is no daisy
Shit she jus pottery
With no seeds
So she can't eat

My heroes had the broads and the cars with big ol' rims
And I could remember slangin', thinkin'
I wanna be like them
Ever since I was little, ever since I was little
I lived life numb

It made so much since for me to run
When da 5-0 come
Cause I ain't dumb

And that shit I hated
Like early 90's late 80's
I was hustlin' as a baby
You can ask Eagle Street, about me
I'm a G

Ever since I was little, ever since I was little I tote my gun
Cause it made no sense where I was from
To walk around wit none
Shit, nigga you would be crazy
Cause niggas is crazy
And I'm a 80's baby
You should be proud of me
Cause in them streets
I'm hot like da 80's
And my temperature's raisin'
I'm at 100 I'm blazin'
Somebody shower me
Please, pretty please

You can call me wizzle, or you can call me Wayne, man either one
But it's Weezy Baby for your slut
I told her Weezy Baby, I told her more than once
But she just say, "Baby", she just calls me "Baby"
She just screams out "Baby!" when she's on top of me
And the sheets be stickin' like pages
And the bed is so stanky
If she say that is my baby, shit it is possibly not for me
M.-O.-E



"We got a young brother that stands for something! We got a young brother that believes in the all of us! Brother Kendrick Lamar! He's not a rapper, he's a writer, he's an author! And if you read between the lines, we'll learn how to love one another! But you can't do that — right on! — I said, you can't do that without loving yourself first."


This is a world premiere!


I done been through a whole lot
Trial, tribulation, but I know God
Satan wanna put me in a bow tie
Pray that the holy water don't go dry
As I look around me
So many motherfuckers wanna down me
But an enemigo never drown me
In front of a dirty double-mirror they found me


And I love myself
(The world is a ghetto with big guns and picket signs)
I love myself
(But it can do what it want whenever it want, I don't mind)
I love myself
(He said I gotta get up, life is more than suicide)
I love myself
(One day at a time, sun gon' shine)


Everybody lookin' at you crazy (Crazy)
What you gon' do? (What you gon' do?)
Lift up your head and keep moving (Keep moving)
Or let the paranoia haunt you? (Haunt you)
Peace to fashion police, I wear my heart
On my sleeve, let the runway start
You know the miserable do love company
What do you want from me and my scars?
Everybody lack confidence, everybody lack confidence
How many times my potential was anonymous?
How many times the city making me promises?
So I promise this




They wanna say it's a war outside and a bomb in the street
And a gun in the hood and a mob of police
And a rock on the corner and a line full of fiend
And a bottle full of lean and a model on a scheme yup
These days of frustration keep y'all on tuck and rotation
I duck these cold faces, post up fi-fie-fo-fum basis
Dreams of reality's peace
Blow steam in the face of the beast
The sky could fall down, the wind could cry now
The strong in me, I still smile




Walk my bare feet (Walk my bare feet)
Down, down valley deep (Down, down valley deep)
Fi-fie-fo-fum (Fi-fie-fo-fum)
My heart undone (My heart undone)




I went to war last night
With an automatic weapon, don't nobody call a medic
I'ma do it till I get it right
I went to war last night
I've been dealing with depression ever since an adolescent
Duckin' every other blessin', I can never see the message
I could never take the lead, I could never bob and weave
From a negative and letting them annihilate me
And it's evident I'm moving at a meteor speed
Finna run into a building, lay my body in the street
Keep my money in the ceiling, let my mama know I'm free
Give my story to the children and a lesson they can read
And the glory to the feeling of the holy unseen
Seen enough, make a motherfucker scream, "I love myself!"


I lost my head
I must misread what the good book said
Oh woes be me, it's a jungle inside
Give myself again till the well runs dry (i)




If Pirus and Crips all got along
They'd probably gun me down by the end of this song
Seem like the whole city go against me
Every time I'm in the street I hear


"YAWK! YAWK! YAWK! YAWK!"


"Man down, where you from, nigga?"
"Fuck who you know, where you from, my nigga?"
"Where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga?"
"This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga"


Brace yourself, I'll take you on a trip down memory lane
This is not a rap on how I'm slinging crack or move cocaine
This is cul-de-sac and plenty Cognac and major pain
Not the drill sergeant, but the stress that weighing on your brain
It was Me, L Boogs and Yan Yan, YG, Lucky ride down Rosecrans
It got ugly, waving your hand out the window, check yourself, uh
Warriors and Conans, hope euphoria can slow dance
With society, the driver seat the first one to get killed
Seen a light-skinned nigga with his brains blown out
At the same burger stand where *beep* hang out
Now this is not a tape recorder saying that he did it
But ever since that day, I was looking at him different
That was back when I was nine, Joey packed the nine
Pakistan on every porch is fine, we adapt to crime
Pack a van with four guns at a time, with the sliding door, fuck is up?
Fuck you shooting for if you ain't walking up, you fucking punk?
Picking up the fucking pump, picking off you suckers
Suck a dick or die or sucker punch, a wall of bullets coming from
AK's, AR's, "Aye y'all, duck"
That's what momma said when we was eating the free lunch
Aw man, goddamn, all hell broke loose
You killed my cousin back in '94, fuck your truce
Now crawl your head in that noose, you wind up dead on the news
Ain't no peace treaty, just pieces BG's up to pre-approve
Bodies on top of bodies, IV's on top of IV's
Obviously the coroner between the sheets like the Isleys
When you hop on that trolley, make sure your colors correct
Make sure you're corporate, or they'll be calling your mother collect
They say the governor collect, all of our taxes except
When we in traffic and tragic happens, that shit ain't no threat
You moving backwards if you suggest that you sleep with a Tec
Go buy a chopper and have a doctor on speed dial, I guess, m.A.A.d city






Wake your punk ass up! It ain't nothing but a Compton thang, G-yeah. Real simple and plain, I'mma teach you some lessons about the street. It ain't nothing but a Compton thang, G-yeah. How we do


Fresh outta school cause I was a high school grad
Sleeping in the living room in my momma's pad
Reality struck I seen the white car crash
Hit the light pole two niggas hopped out on foot and dashed
My pops said I needed a job I thought I believed him
Security guard for a month and ended up leaving
In fact I got fired cause I was inspired by all of my friends
To stage a robbery the third Saturday I clocked in
Projects tore up, gang signs get thrown up
Cocaine laced in marijuana
And they wonder why I rarely smoke now
Imagine if your first blunt had you foaming at the mouth
I was straight tweaking the next weekend, we broke even
I made allegiance that made a promise to see you bleeding
You know the reasons but still won't ever know my life
Kendrick A.K.A. Compton's human sacrifice


G-yeah, cocaine, weed. Niggas been mixing shit since the 80's, loc. Sherm sticks, butt nakeds. Dip, make a nigga flip. Cluck heads all up and down the block and shit. One time's crooked and shit. Block a nigga in. Alondra, Rosecrans, Bullis, it's Compton


I'm still in the hood, loc, yeah, that's cool
The hood took me under so I follow the rules
But yeah that's like me, I grew up in the hood where they bang
And niggas that rep colors is doing the same thing
Pass it to the left so I can smoke on me
A couple drive-by's in the hood lately
Couple of I.V.s with the fucking spraycan
Shots in the crowd then everybody ran
Crew I'm finna slay, the street life I crave
Shots hit the enemy, hearts turn brave
Mount up, regulators in the whip
Down the boulevard with the pistol grip
Trip, we in the hood still
So loc, grab a strap cause yeah, it's so real
Deal with the outcome, a strap in the hand
And a bird and 10 grands where a mothafucka stand


If I told you I killed a nigga at 16, would you believe me?
Or see me to be innocent Kendrick you seen in the street
With a basketball and some Now and Laters to eat
If I mentioned all of my skeletons, would you jump in the seat?
Would you say my intelligence now is great relief?
And it's safe to say that our next generation maybe can sleep
With dreams of being a lawyer or doctor, instead of boy with a chopper
That hold the cul-de-sac hostage, kill 'em all if they gossip
The Children of the Corn, they vandalizing
The option of living a lie, drown their body with toxins
Constantly drinking and drive, hit the powder then watch this flame
That arrive in his eye, listen coward, the concept is aim
And they bang it and slide out that bitch with deposits
A price on his head, the tithes probably go to the projects
I live inside the belly of the rough
Compton, U.S.A. made Me an Angel on Angel Dust, what


– Nigga, pass Dot the bottle, damn! You ain't the one that got fucked up, what you holding it for? Niggas always acting unsensitive and shit
– Nigga, that ain't no word
– Nigga, Shut up! Hey, Dot, you good, my nigga? Don't even trip, just lay back and drink that


Martin had a dream
Martin had a dream
Kendrick have a dream


All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours


Goddamn I feel amazing, damn I'm in the matrix
My mind is living on cloud nine and this 9 is never on vacation
Start up that Maserati and vroom-vroom, I'm racing
Popping pills in the lobby and I pray they don't find her naked
And I pray you niggas is hating, shooters go after Judas
Jesus Christ if I live life on my knees, ain't no need to do this
Park it in front of Lueders, next to that Church's Chicken
All you pussies is losers, all my niggas is winners, screaming




Goddamn I got bitches, damn I got bitches
Damn I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend and mistress
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead showers


I've got twenty-five lighters on my dresser, yes sir
Put fire to that ass, body cast on a stretcher
And her body got that ass that a ruler couldn't measure
And it make me cum fast but I never get embarrassed
And I recognize you have what I've been wanting since that record
That Adina Howard had pop it fast to impress her
She rolling, I'm holding my scrotum and posing
This voice here is golden, so fuck y'all, I goes in and

 + 


It's go time, I roll in dough with a good grind, and I run at ho with a baton
That's a relay race with a bouquet, they say, "K, you going marry mines"
Beeotch, no way, beeotch, no way, beeotch, no way, beeotch, okay
I'm never living life confined, it's a failure even if I'm blind
I can tell ya who what when where how to sell your game right on time
Beeotch, go play, beeotch, go play, beeotch, go play, beeotch
I look like OJ, killing everything from pussy to a mothafuckin' Hit-Boy beat
She pussy popping and I got options like an audible, I be
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, I win, then ball at your defeat
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, my city, mobbing in the street, yelling

 +  + 


Pour up (Drank), head shot (Drank)
Sit down (Drank), stand up (Drank)
Pass out (Drank), wake up (Drank)
Faded (Drank), faded (Drank)


Now I done grew up 'round some people livin' their life in bottles
Granddaddy had the golden flask, backstroke every day in Chicago
Some people like the way it feels, some people wanna kill their sorrows
Some people wanna fit in with the popular, that was my problem
I was in a dark room, loud tunes, looking to make a vow soon
That I'ma get fucked up, fillin' up my cup, I see the crowd mood
Changin' by the minute and the record on repeat
Took a sip then another sip, then somebody said to me:


"Nigga, why you babysitting only two or three shots?
I'mma show you how to turn it up a notch
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it
I wave a few bottles, then I watch 'em all flock
All the girls wanna play Baywatch
I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it
Pool full of liquor, I'mma dive in it"




Okay, now open your mind up and listen me, Kendrick
I am your conscience, if you do not hear me, then you will be history, Kendrick
I know that you're nauseous right now and I'm hopin' to lead you to victory, Kendrick
If I take another one down, I'ma drown in some poison, abusin' my limit
I think that I'm feelin' the vibe, I see the love in her eyes, I see the feelin'
The freedom is granted as soon as the damage of vodka arrived
This how you capitalize, this is parental advice
Then apparently I'm over influenced by what you are doin'
I thought I was doin' the most 'til someone said to me:

 + 


I ride, you ride, bang
One chopper, one hundred shots, bang
Hop out, do you bang?
Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang

 + 


(Sherane)

Aw man... where is she taking me...
Where is she taking me...


All I have in life is my new appetite for failure
And I got Hunger pain that grow insane
Tell me do that sound familiar?
If it do then you're like me,  making excuse that your relief
Is in the bottom of the bottle and the greenest indo leaf
As the window open I release everything that corrode inside of me
I see you joking, why you laugh? Don't you feel bad?
I probably sleep and never ever wake up
Never ever wake up, never ever wake up
In God I trust but just when I thought I had enough


They stomped the homie out over a bitch?
K-dot, you good, blood?
Now we can drop, ye we can drop you back off
That nigga's straight man, that nigga ain't tripping
We gon' do the same ol' shit
I'mma pop a few shots, they gon' run, they gon' run opposite ways
Fall right in ----'s lap
And he gon' tear they ass up, simple as that
And I hope that bitch that set him up out there, we gon' pop that bitch too
Wait hold up, aye I see somebody
(Car door opens and gunshots are fired)
Aha! Got them niggas, K-dot, you good?
L----, you good?
Yeah blood, I'm good, Dave, you good?
Dave? Dave, say something - Dave?
These bitch ass niggas killed my brother!


Me and my niggas tryna git it, ya bish
Hit the house lick, tell me is you wit' it, ya bish
Home invasion was persuasive
From nine to five I know it's vacant, ya bish
Dreams of living life like rappers do
Back when condom wrappers wasn't cool
I fucked Sherane and went to tell my bros
Then Usher Raymond "Let It Burn" came on
Hot sauce all in our Top Ramen, ya bish
Park the car then we start rhyming, ya bish
The only thing we had to free our mind
Then freeze that verse when we see dollar signs
You looking like an easy come up, ya bish
A silver spoon I know you come from, ya bish
And that's a lifestyle that we never knew
Go at a reverend for the revenue


It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison, tell me what you doing
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun, forever)
And I been hustling all day, this-a-way, that-a-way
Through canals and alleyways, just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade and that's just how I feel
Nah, nah, a dollar might just fuck your main bitch, that's just how I feel
Nah, a dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with, that's just how I feel
Nah, nah, a dollar might just make that lane switch, that's just how I feel
Nah, a dollar might turn to a million and we all rich, that's just how I feel


Dreams of living life like rappers do
Bump that new E-40 after school
You know big balling with my homies
Earl Stevens had us thinking rational
Back to reality, we poor, ya bish
Another casualty of war, ya bish
Two bullets in my Uncle Tony head
He said one day I'll be on tour, ya bish
That Louis Burger never be the same
A Louis belt will never ease that pain
But I'mma purchase when that day is jerking
Pull off at Church's with Pirellis skirting
Gang signs out the window, ya bish
Hoping all of them offend you, ya bish
They say your hood is a pot of gold
And we gon' crash it when nobody's home




Be the last one out to get this dough, no way
Love one of you bucket headed hoes, no way
Hit the streets then we break the code, no way
Hit the brakes when they on patrol, no way


Imagine Rock up in them projects
Where them niggas pick your pockets
Santa Claus don't miss them stockings
Liquor spillin', pistols popping
Baking soda YOLA whipping
Ain't no turkey on Thanksgiving
My homeboy just domed a nigga
I just hope the Lord forgive him
Pots with cocaine residue
Every day I'm hustlin'
What else is a thug to do
When you eatin' cheese from the government
Gotta provide for my daughter n'em
Get the fuck up out my way, bish
Got that drum and I got them bands
Just like a parade, bish
Drop that work up in the bushes, hope them boys don't see my stash
If they do, tell the truth, this the last time you might see my ass
From the gardens where the grass ain't cut, them serpents lurking, blood
Bitches selling pussy, niggas selling drugs, but it's all good
Broken promises, steal your watch and tell you what time it is
Take your J's and tell you to kick it where a FootLocker is
In the streets with a heater under my Dungarees
Dreams of me getting shaded under a money tree




K’s Mom: Kendrick, just bring my car back man. I called in for another appointment. I figured you weren’t gonna be back here on time anyways. Look, shit, shit, I just wanna get out the house man. This man, on one, he feeling good as a mother fucker. Shit, I’m trynna get my thing going too. Just bring my car back. Shit, he faded. He feeling good. Look, listen to him
K’s Dad: Girl, Girl, I want your body, I want your body, cause of that big ol’ fat ass. Girl, Girl, I want your body, I want your body, cause of that big ol’ fat ass
K’s Mom: See he high as hell, and he ain’t even tripping off them damn dominoes anymore. Just bring the car back
K’s Dad: Did somebody say dominoes?


Every second, every minute, man I swear that she can get it
Say if you a bad bitch put your hands up high, hands up high, hands up high
Tell 'em dim the lights down right now, put me in the mood
I'm talking 'bout dark room, perfume, go, go


I recognize your fragrance, hold up, you ain't never gotta say shit, uh
And I know your taste is, a little bit hmm, high maintenance, uh
Everybody else basic, you live life on an everyday basis
With poetic justice, poetic justice
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?
I mean I write poems in these songs dedicated to you when
You're in the mood for empathy, there's blood in my pen
Better yet, where your friends and 'em? I really wanna know you all
I really wanna show you off, fuck that
Pour up plenty of champagne, cold nights when you curse this name
You called up your girlfriends and y'all curled in that little bitty Range I heard that
She wanna go and party, she wanna go and party
Nigga don't approach her with that Atari, nigga, that ain't good game, homie, sorry
They say conversation rule a nation, I can tell
But I could never right my wrongs 'less I write it down for real, P.S

x2
You can get it, you can get it
You can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song


I really hope you play this, cause ol' girl you test my patience
With all these seductive photographs and all these one off vacations
You've been taking clearly a lot for me to take in, it don't make sense
Young East African Girl, you too busy fucking with your other man
I was tryna put you on game, put you on a plane
Take you and your momma to the motherland, I could do it
Maybe one day when you figure out you're gonna need someone
When you figure out it's all right here in the city and you don't run from where we come from
That sound like poetic justice, poetic justice
You were so new to this life but Goddamn you got adjusted
I mean I write poems in these songs, dedicated to the fun sex
Your natural hair and your soft skin, and your big ass in that sundress, ooh
Good God, what you doing that walk for?
When I see that thing move, I just wish we would fight less and we would talk more
And they say communication save relations, I can tell
But I can never right my wrongs unless I write 'em down for real, P.S




Every time I write these words, they become a taboo
Making sure my punctuation curve, every letter here's true
Living my life in the margin and that metaphor was proof
I'm talking poetic justice, poetic justice
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?
I mean you need to hear this, love is not just a verb
It's you looking in the mirror, love is not just a verb
It's you looking for it, maybe, call me crazy, we can both be insane
A fatal attraction is common and what we have common is pain
I mean you need to hear this, love is not just a verb
And I can see power steering, sex drive when you swerve
I want that interference, it's coherent, I can hear it, uh-huh
That's your heartbeat, it either caught me or it called me, uh-huh
Read slow and you'll find gold mines in these lines
Sincerely, yours truly and right before you go blind, P.S




"I'm gon' ask you one more time homie, where is you from? Or it is a problem"
"Ay you over here for Sherane homie?"
"Yo I don't care who this nigga over here for, if he don't tell where he come, it's a wrap! I'm sorry"
"Hol' up hol' up hol' up, we gon' do it like this, OK? I'mma tell you where I'm from, OK? You gon' tell me where you from, OK? Or where your Grandma stay, where your mama stay, or where your daddy stay, OK?"
"Enough with all this talkin"
"Matter of fact, get out the van homie. Get out the car before I snatch you out that motherfucker homie"


I am a sinner who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me, Lord forgive me things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe, bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink, I got my music
I would share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch don't kill my vibe, bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe, bitch don't kill my vibe


Look inside of my soul and you can find gold and maybe get rich
Look inside of your soul and you can find out it never exist
I can feel the changes, I can feel a new life
I always knew life can be dangerous
I can say that I like a challenge and you tell me it's painless
You don't know what pain is
How can I paint this picture when the color blind is hanging with you
Fell on my face and awoke with a scar
Another mistake living deep in my heart
Wear it on top of my sleeve in a flick
I can admit that it did look like yours
Why you resent every making of this
Tell me your purpose is petty again
But even a small lighter can burn a bridge
Even a small lighter can burn a bridge


I can feel the changes
I can feel the new people around me just want to be famous
You can see that my city found me then put me on stages
To me that's amazing
To you that's a quick check with all disrespect let me say this




I'm trying to keep it alive and not compromise the feeling we love
You're trying to keep it deprived and only co-sign what radio does
And I'm looking right past you
We live in a world, we live in a world on two different axles
You live in a world, you living behind the mirror
I know what you scared of, the feeling of feeling emotions inferior
This shit is vital, I know you had to
This shit is vital, I know you had to
To die in a pitiful vain, tell me a watch and a chain
Is way more believable, give me a feasible gain
Rather a seasonal name, I'll let the people know this is something you can blame
On yourselves you can remain stuck in a box
I'mma break out and then hide every lock
I'mma break out and then hide every lock

 + 


Bitch don't kill my vibe, you ain't heard a chorus like this in a long time
Don't you see that long line
And they waiting on Kendrick like the first and the fifteenth
Threes in the air I can see you are, in sync
Hide your feelings, hide your feelings now what you better do
I'll take your girlfriend and put that pussy on a pedestal
Bitch don't kill my vibe, bitch don't kill my vibe
Walk out the door and they scream it's alive
My New Year's resolution is to stop all the pollution
Talk too motherfucking much, I got my drink I got my music
I say bitch don't kill my vibe, bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe, bitch don't kill my vibe



Part 1 - Sing About Me




When the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me

I said when the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me


I woke up this morning and figured I'd call you
In case I'm not here tomorrow, I'm hoping that I can borrow
A peace of mind, I'm behind on what's really important
My mind is really distorted, I find nothing but trouble in my life
I'm fortunate you believe in a dream
This orphanage we call a ghetto is quite a routine
And last night was just another distraction or a reaction
Of what we consider madness, I know exactly what happened
You ran outside when you heard my brother cry for help
Held him like a newborn baby and made him feel
Like everything was alright and a fight he tried to put up
But the type of bullet that stuck had went against his will
As blood spilled on your hands, my plans rather vindictive
Everybody's a victim in my eyes
When I ride, it's a murderous rhythm and outside became pitch black
A demon glued to my back whispering, "Get em"
I got 'em, and I ain't give a fuck
That same mentality that told my brother not to duck
In actuality, it's a trip how we trip off of colors
I wonder if I'll ever discover a passion like you and recover
The life that I knew as a young'n in pajamas and dun-ta-duns
When thunder comes it rains cats and dogs
Dumb niggas like me never prosper
Prognosis of a problem child, I'm proud and well devoted
This piru shit been in me forever
So forever I'mma push it, wherever, whenever
And I love you cause you love my brother like you did
Just promise me you'll tell this story when you make it big
And if I die before your album drop, I hope ---




You wrote a song about my sister on your tape
And called it "Section.80," the message resembled "Brenda's Got a Baby"
What's crazy was, I was hearin about it
But doubted your ignorance how could you ever just put her on blast and shit
Judging her past and shit, well it's completely my future
Her nigga behind me right now asking for ass and shit
And I'mma need that 40 dollars even if I gotta
Fuck, suck and swallow in the parking lot
Gonzales Park, I'm followed by a married man, a father of three
My titties bounce on the cadence of his tinkling keys
Matter of fact, he my favorite ’cause he tip me with E's
He got a cousin named David and I seen him last week
This is the life of another girl damaged by the system
These foster homes, I run away and never do miss 'em
See, my hormones just run away and if I can get 'em back
To where they used to be then I'll probably be in the denim
Of a family gene that show women how to be woman
Or better yet, a leader, you need her to learn somethin'
Then you probably need to beat her, that's how I was taught
Three niggas in one room, first time I was tossed
And I'm exhausted, but fuck that "Sorry for your loss" shit
My sister died in vain, but what point are you trying to gain
If you can't fit the pumps I walk in?
I'll wait
Your rebuttal a little too late
And if you have a album date, just make sure I'm not in the song
Cause I don't need the attention bring enough of that on my own
And matter fact, did I mention that I physically feel great?
A doctor's approval is a waste of time, I know I'm straight
I'll probably live longer than you and never fade away
I'll never fade away, I'll never fade away, I know my fate
And I'm on the grind for this cake, I'mma get it or die trying
I'm eyeing every male gender with intentions of buying
You lying to these motherfuckers, talking about you can help 'em
With my story, you can help me if you sell this pussy for me, nigga
Don't ignore me, nigga, fuck your glory, nigga...




Sometimes I look in a mirror and ask myself:
Am I really scared of passing away? If it's today, I hope I hear a
Cry out from heaven so loud it can water down a demon
With the holy ghost 'til it drown in the blood of Jesus
I wrote some raps that make sure that my lifeline
Reeking the scent of a reaper, ensuring that my allegiance
With the other side may come soon, and if I'm doomed
May the wound help my mother be blessed for many moons
I suffer a lot, and every day the glass mirror
Get tougher to watch; I tie my stomach in knots
And I'm not sure why I'm infatuated with death
My imagination is surely an aggravation of threats
That can come about, ’cause the tongue is mighty powerful
And I can name a list of your favorites that probably vouch
Maybe cause I'm a dreamer and sleep is the cousin of death
Really stuck in the schema of wonderin' when I'mma rest
And you're right, your brother was a brother to me
And your sister's situation was the one that pulled me
In a direction to speak of something that's realer than the TV screen
By any means, wasn't trying to offend or come between
Her personal life, I was like "It need to be told"
Cursing the life of twenty generations after her soul
Exactly what'd happen if I ain't continued rappin'
Or steady being distracted by money drugs and four-
Fives, I count lives all on these songs
Look at the weak and cry, pray one day, you'll be strong
Fighting for your rights even when you're wrong
And hope that at least one of you sing about me when I'm gone
Am I worth it?
Did I put enough work in?


Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me

(Promise that you'll sing about me forever
Promise that you'll sing about me for-ooooh)


(On the phone:)
"Nigga, the homie's brother-- nigga, right here, he gone, my nigga, he gone!"
"Nigga-- they just killed the homie's brother, my nigga. We right here on the block, my nigga."
"Al- alright, nigga-- nigga just come-- alright, alright, just call me back, man, just call me back."
(Hangs up)
"Arghh... *fuck!*
...So what we gon' do, my niggas? What we gon' do?"
"Bro, we can go back right now, my nigga. Like... nigga, I don't give a FUCK, my nigga. We can go back right now.*"
"Fuck! I'm tired of this shit! I'm tired of fuckin' runnin', I'm tired of this shit! My brother, homie!"

Part 2 - I'm Dying of Thirst




Tired of running, tired of hunting
My own kind but retiring nothing
Tires are steady screeching, the driver is rubbing
Hands on the wheel, who said we wasn't
Dying of thirst, dying of thirst, dying of thirst


Dope on the corner, look at the coroner
Daughter is dead, mother is mournin' her
Strayed bullets, AK bullets
Resuscitation was waiting patiently but they couldn't
Bring her back, who got the footage?
Channel 9, cameras is looking
It's hard to channel your energy when you know you're crooked
Banana clip, split his banana pudding
I'm like Tre, that's Cuba Gooding
I know I'm good at
Dying of thirst, dying of thirst, dying of thirst


How many sins? I'm running out
How many sins? I lost count
Dreams of balling like Spalding
But only shotty bounce
The reaper calling, I'm cottonmouth
Money is power, yours is ours
Lay with a snitch, die with a coward
Hope we get rich, hope we can tower
Over the city with vanity with the music louder
The same song, a black flower
I'll show you how to dye your thirst, dye your thirst, dye your thirst


What are we doing? Who are we fooling?
Hell is hot, fire is proven
To burn for eternity, return of the student
That never learned how to live righteous but how to shoot it
Tired of running, choirs is hummin'
Tell us to visit, we lying 'bout comin'
Now back to business, loading the guns in
Back of the Buick, your hood is feuding, and the beef is bubblin'
It's no discussion
Hereditary, all of my cousins
Dying of thirst, dying of thirst, dying of thirst


Too many sins, I'm running out
Somebody send me a well for the drought
See, all I know, is taking notes
On taking this life for granted, granted, if he provoke
My best days, are stress days
(Lord, forgive me for all my sins for I not know...)
My best days, are stress days
Say "Fuck the world," my sex slave
Money, pussy and greed; what's my next crave
Whatever it is, know it's my next grave
Tired of running, tired of running
Tired of tumbling, tired of running
Tired of tumbling
Back once my momma say
"See a pastor, give me a promise
What if today was the rapture, and you completely tarnished
The truth will set you free, so to me be completely honest
You dying of thirst, you dying of thirst
So hop in that water, and pray that it works"




Eight doobies to the face, fuck that
Twelve bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that
Two pills and a half weight, nigga, fuck that
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist


Man, I swear, my nigga trippin' off that shit again, pick him up
Then I set him in cold water, then I order someone to bring him Vicodin
Hope to take the pain away from the feelin' that he feel today
You know, when you part of Section.80, you feel like no one can relate
Cause you are, you are, a loner, loner
Marijuana endorphins make you stronger, stronger
I'm in the house party trippin' off my generation, sippin' cough syrup
Like it's water, never no pancakes in the kitchen, man
No wonder our lives is caught up in the daily superstition
That the world is 'bout to end, who gives a fuck? We never do listen
'Less it comes with an 808 (A melody and some hoes)
Playstation and some drank (Technology bought my soul)
Lookin' around and all I see is a big crowd that's product of me
And they probably relatives relevant for a rebel's dream, yep
Her president is black, she black too
Purple Label on her back, but that tab is light blue
She take it straight to the head
Then she look at me, she got A.D.H.D




Like whoa, ooh whoa, whoa
(Don't got a limit, just give me some more with it)
Like whoa, ooh whoa, whoa
(Don't got a limit, just give me some more with it)
Like whoa, ooh whoa, whoa
(They always told me A.D.H.D did it)


And then she started...
And then she started feelin' herself like no one else in this apartment
Beg your pardon, oh I rap baby, how old are you?
She say 22, I say 23 "Okay, then we all crack babies"
Damn, why you say that? She said, "Where my drink at?
I'ma tell you later, just tell your neighbors have the police relax"
I stood up, shut the blinds, closed the screen; jumbotron
Made to the back where she reside, then she said, read between the lines
Yep hope that I get close enough, when the lights turn down
And the fact that she just might open up, when the Nuvo start to drown
Her body and I know the both of us really deep in the move now
It's nothin' we can do now, somebody walked in with a pound
Of that Bay Area kush, she looked at me then looked
At it, then she grabbed it, then she said, "get it understood
You know why we crack babies
Because we born in the '80s, that A.D.H.D crazy"

 + 


You can have all my shine, I'll give you the light
Double cup, deuce, four, six, just mix it in Sprite
Ecstasy, shrooms, blow, 'dro, hoes, whatever you like
You can have all my shine, I'll give you the light


Everybody, everybody, everybody
Everybody sit your bitch ass down and listen
To this true mothafuckin' story told by Kendrick Lamar on Rosecrans
Ya bish

Smoking on the finest dope, aye aye aye aye
Drank until I can't no more, aye aye aye aye
Really I'm a sober soul but I'm with the homies right now
And we ain't asking for no favors
Rush a nigga quick then laugh about it later, aye aye aye aye
Really I'm a peacemaker but I'm with the homies right now
And momma used to say
One day, it's gon' burn you out
One day, it's gon' burn you out, out
One day, it's gon' burn you out
One day, it's gon' burn you
But I'm with the homies right now


Me and my niggas four deep in a white Toyota
A quarter tank of gas, one pistol, and orange soda
Janky stash box when the federales roll up
Basketball shorts with the Gonzales Park odor
We on the mission for bad bitches and trouble
I hope the universe love you today
‘Cause the energy we bringing sure to carry away
A flock of positive activists and fill the body with hate
If it’s necessary
Bumping Jeezy first album looking distracted
Speaking language only we know, you think is an accent
The windows roll down all I see is a hand pass it
Hotboxing like George Foreman grilling the masses
Of the working world, we pulled up on a bunch of working girls
And asked them what they working with – look at me
I got the blunt in my mouth
Usually I’m drug-free, but shit I’m with the homies


(Yea nigga, we off a pill and Remy Red
Come through and bust ya head nigga)
Me and the homies
(Sag all the way to the liquor store
Where my niggas pour up 4 and get twisted some more)
Me and the homies
(I ride for my mothafuckin’ niggas
Hop out, do my stuff, then hop back in)
Me and the homies
(Matter fact, I hop out that mothafucka and be like
“Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo!...Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo!”)


It’s 2:30 and the sun is beaming
Air conditioner broke and I hear my stomach screaming
Hungry for anything unhealthy and if nutrition can help me
I’ll tell you to suck my dick then I'll continue eating
We speeding on the 405 passing Westchester
You know the light skin girls in all the little dresses, good Lord
They knew we weren’t from ‘round there
‘Cause every time we down there we pulling out the Boost Mobile SIM cards
Bougie bitches with no extensions
Hood niggas with bad intentions, the perfect combination
Before we sparked a conversation
We seen three niggas in colors we didn’t like then started interrogating
I never was a gangbanger, I mean I was never stranger to the folk neither
I really doubt it
Rush a nigga quick and then we laugh about it
That’s ironic ‘cause I’ve never been violent, until I’m with the homies


(Just ridin’, just ridin’)
Me and the homies
(Bullshittin’, actin’ a fool)
Me and the homies
(Trippin’, really trippin’)
Me and the homies
(Just ridin’, just ridin’, just ridin’…)


Bragging ‘bout the episode we just had
A shot of Hennessey didn’t make me feel that bad
I’m usually a true firm believer of bad karma
Consequences from evil will make your past haunt you
We tryna conquer the city with disobedience
Quick to turn it up, even if we ain’t got the CD in
But Jeezy still playing and our attitude is still “nigga, what is you saying”
Pull in front of the house that we been camping out for like two months
The sun is going down as we take whatever we want
(Ay, ay, nigga jackpot nigga, pop the safe
Ay nigga, I think it's somebody in this room
Wait, what?
Nigga, it's somebody in this room!)
I hit the back window in search of any Nintendo
DVDs, plasma screen TVs in the trunk
We made a right, then made a left, then made a right
Then made a left, we was just circling life
My mama called – "Hello? What you doin'?" “Kicking it”
I should’ve told her I’m probably ‘bout to catch my first offense with the homies

But they made a right, they made a left then made a right
Then another right
One lucky night with the homies


K. Dot, you faded, hood?
Yea we finally got that nigga faded. I think he hit the wrong blunt though
Ooh, which one?
Well which one he talking 'bout? I was finna hit the one with the shenanigans in it
I pray he ain't hit that
Nah, that nigga straight. He ain't hit that one
Got the shenanigans? Give that nigga the shenanigans
Nigga I think we should push back to the city, fo real doe Nigga, for what?
What that nigga, what's that Jeezy song say nigga?
"Last time I checked I was the man on these streets!"
Yea, yea, that shit right there. I'm tryna be the nigga in the street
There he go. Man you don't even know how the shit go
Look, here's the plan luv. We gon' use the kickback as a alibi. Wait 'til the sun go down, roll out, complete the mission, drop K. Dot off at his mama van, at the park, cause I know he trying to fuck on Sherane tonight
That's what he’s not gon' do. Then we all gon' meet back at the block at about 10:30
That's straight but we should meet up around 12, I'm tryna fuck on something too
Nigga sit yo dumb ass back down, nigga you ain't doing shit tonight
Matter fact, nigga get in the mothafuckin' car. We finna get active


Everybody put three fingers in the air
The sky is falling, the wind is calling
Stand for something or die in the morning
Section 80, HiiiPower


Visions of Martin Luther staring at me
Malcolm X put a hex on my future, someone catch me
I'm falling victim to a revolutionary song, the Serengeti's clone
Back to put you backstabbers back on your spinal bone
You slipped your disc when I slid you my disc
You wanted to diss but jumped on my dick
Grown men never should bite their tongue
Unless you eating pussy that smell like it's a stale plum
I got my finger on the mothafuckin' pistol
Aiming it at a pig, Charlotte's web is going to miss you
My issue isn't televised, and you ain't gotta tell the wise
How to stay on beat, because our life's an instrumental
This is physical and mental, I won't sugar coat it
You'd die from diabetes if these other niggas wrote it
And everything on TV just a figment of imagination
I don't want plastic nation, dread that like a Haitian
While you mothafuckas waiting, I be off the slave ship
Building pyramids, writing my own hieroglyphs


Just call the shit HiiiPower
Nigga nothing less than HiiiPower
Five-star dishes, food for thought bitches
I mean the shit is, Huey Newton going stupid
You can't resist his HiiiPower
Throw your hands up for HiiiPower


Visions of Martin Luther staring at me
If I see it how he seen it, that would make my parents happy
Sorry mama, I can't turn the other cheek
They wanna knock me off the edge like a fucking widow's peak, uhh
And she always told me pray for the weak, uhh
Them demons got me, I ain't prayed in some weeks, uhh
Dear Lord come save me, the devil's working hard
He probly clocking double shifts on all of his jobs
Frightening, so fucking frightening
Enough to drive a man insane, I need a license to kill
I'm standing on the field full of land mines
Doing the moonwalk, hoping I blow up in time
Cause 2012 might not be a fucking legend
Tryna be a fucking legend, the man of mankind
Who said a black man in the Illuminati?
Last time I checked, that was the biggest racist party
So get up off that slave ship
Build your own pyramids, write your own hieroglyphs


Just call the shit HiiiPower
Nigga nothing less than HiiiPower
Five-star dishes, food for thought bitches
I mean the shit is, Bobby Seale making meals
You can't resist his HiiiPower
Throw your hands up for HiiiPower


Every day we fight the system just to make our way
We been down for too long, but that's alright
We was built to be strong, cause it's our life, na-na-na
Every day we fight the system, we fight the system
We fight the system (Never like the system)
We been down for too long but that's alright, na-na-na


Who said a black man in the Illuminati?
Last time I checked, that was the biggest racist party
Last time I checked, we was racing with Marcus Garvey
On the freeway to Africa 'til I wreck my Audi
And I want everybody to view my autopsy
So you can see exactly where the government had shot me
No conspiracy, my fate is inevitable
They play musical chairs once I'm on that pedestal
Frightening, so fucking frightening
Enough to drive a man insane, a woman insane
The reason Lauryn Hill don't sing, or Kurt Cobain
Loaded that clip and then said bang, the drama it bring is crazy
Product of the late 80's
Tryna stay above water, that's why we shun the navy
Pull your guns and play me, let's set it off
Cause a riot, throw a Molotov, somebody told me them pirates had got lost
Cause we been off them slave ships
Got our own pyramids, write our own hieroglyphs


Just call the shit HiiiPower
Yeah nothing less than HiiiPower
Five-star dishes, food for thought bitches
I mean the shit is, Fred Hampton on your campus
You can't resist his HiiiPower
Throw your hands up for HiiiPower


Thug Life! THUG LIFE!


Alright, here we go, third take. Real quick, Ali

Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson with madness, now just imagine the magic
I light to asses, don't ask for your favorite rapper

(He dead) Yessir (Amen) Chuuch
(He dead) I killed him (Amen) Bitch


And this is rigamortus and it's gorgeous when you die
Ali recorded, and I'm Morpheus, the matrix of my mind
I'm out the orbit, you an orphan and a hairdresser combined
I'm on the toilet when I rhyme, if you the shit then I decline
I climax where you begin and then I end on Cloud 9
And that's important when you morph into a angel in the sky
And don't be forging all my signatures, my listeners reply
And tell me that you biting style, you got a hell of an appetite
And I'mma be here for a while just buckle up before the ride
Or knuckle up, if you could fight, we always making 'em duck or die
A suit and tie is suitable and usual in suicide
CSI just might investigate this fucking parasite
(He dead, amen) That's what they telling me
Aim it at your celebrity, this is studio felony
Ferragami so many and cool enough for the 70's
Nigga, payback's a bitch and bitch you been living in debt with me
Dead 'em all and especially, leave a call on his mother voicemail
To say that he rest in peace, bigger chopper the recipe
Wrestling, that's irrelevant, rather rest at your residence
Whistling to the melody, couldn't think of a better D
Better be on your P and Q, it's just me Jay Rock, Soul and Q
Solar system and barbecue, nothing else you can do

(He dead) Yup-yup (Amen) I killed him
(He dead) Ha-ha (Amen) Amen


Got me breathing with dragons
I'll crack the egg in your basket, you bastard
I'm Marilyn Manson, don't ask for your favorite rapper


(He dead) Yup-yup (Amen) I know
(He dead) For sure (Amen) Amen




I rapped him and made him Casper, I captured the likes of NASA
My pedigree to fly past ya, I pass the weed to the pastor
We all are sinners, won't you send us to bible study faster
Your hypocrite-esque reaction a blasphemy, I assassin my casualty
And it's casually done and tell 'em my salary come
A lump sum of hundreds don't talk to me 'bout no money
The sun is under my feet and I come in peace to compete
I don't run if you rather leap, my statistics go up in weeks
And I go visit the nearest creek and I get busy on many MC, really ballistic
Anybody can see any assistance, everybody done see some persistence
Recognize I be really too vicious the permanent beast
And the demolition breaking up the streets, better partition, better dot your T
And I gon' mention how the far you see, putting my dick in the rap industry
Everybody bitching, getting mad at me, recognize Kendrick in the battery
And I'm charged up and the catastrophe is charged up and the audacity
Of y'all fucks never could hassle me and y'all luck, just ran out you'll see




Lord God
I come to you a sinner
And I humbly repent for my sins
I believe that Jesus is Lord
I believe that you raised him from the dead
I will ask that Jesus will come to my life
And be my Lord and Savior
I receive Jesus to take control of my life
And that I may live for him from this day forth
Thank you Lord Jesus for saving me with your precious blood
In Jesus name, Amen


I met her at this house party on El Segundo and Central
She had the credentials of strippers in Atlanta
Ass came with a hump from the jump she was a camel
I want to ride like Arabians, push an '04 Mercedes-Benz
"Hello my name is Kendrick," she said "No, you're handsome"
Whispered in my ear, disappeared then found her dancing
Ciara had played in the background
The parade music we made had us all wearing shades now (Cool)
"Where you stay?" She said "Down the street from Dominguez High"
Okay, I know that's borderline Compton or Paramount
"Well is it Compton?"
"No," she replied and quickly start batting her eyes and
Strictly had wanted her thighs around me
Seventeen, with nothing but pussy stuck on my mental
My motive was rather sinful
"What you trying to get into?"
She didn't tell, just gave me her Nextel
Dropped the number, we chirped the whole summer and well


The summer had passed and now I'm liking her
Conversation we having probably enticing her
Who could imagine, maybe my actions would end up wifing her
Love or lust, regardless we'll fuck cause the trife in us
It's deep rooted, the music of being young and dumb
Its never muted, in fact it's much louder where I'm from
We know a lot 'bout each other, her mother was a crack addict
She live with her granny and her younger two brothers
Her favorite cousin Demetrius's irrepetible
Family history of gang banging - did make me skeptical
But not enough to stop me from getting a nut
I wanna come over, what's up? That's what I told her soon as this episode
Of Martin go off, I'm trying to get off
I was in heat like a cactus, my tactics of being thirsty
Probably could hurt me, but fuck it I got some heart
Grab my momma's keys, hopped in the car, then oh boy


So now I'm down Rosecrans in a Caravan
Passing Alameda, my gas meter in need of a pump
I got enough to get me through the traffic jam
At least I hope cause my pockets broke as a promise man
I'm thinking bout that sex, thinking bout her thighs
Or maybe kissing on her neck, or maybe what positions next
Sent a picture of her titties blowing up my texts
I looked at 'em and almost ran my front bumper into Corvette
Enthused by the touch of a woman, she's a masseuse
And I'm a professional porn star when off the Goose
I had a fifth in the trunk like Curtis Jackson for ransom
I'm hoping to get her loose like an Uncle Luke Anthem
I'm two blocks away, 250 feet
And six steps from where she stay, she waving me 'cross the street
I pulled up a smile on my face, and then I see
Two niggas, two black hoodies, I froze as my phone rang


Please leave your message for 323-
Record your message after the tone
Kendrick. Where you at? Damn, I'm sittin' here waitin' on my van
You told me you was gon' be back in fiffteen minutes!
I gotta go to the county buildin, man
These kids ready to eat! I’m ready to eat, shit
I gotta get them food stamps, come on now
You on you way or what?
I hope you ain’t out there messin' with them damn hood-rats out there, shit
Especially that crazy-ass girl Sherane
Plus you got school tomorrow
You keep fuckin' around in them streets, you ain’t gon' pass to the next grade, 11th grade
(Is that Kendrick on the phone?)
Yo daddy hollerin' 'bout some damn dominoes
He want to holler at you too, gon' 'head Kenny, gon', shit!
(Hello? Yeah, where my motherfuckin' dominoes at?)
Kenny!
(What?)
You on his voicemail! Damn fool
(Oh)
Shit
(K, where my motherfuckin' dominoes at?
This the second time I ask you to bring my fuckin' dominoes!)
Kenny give me the damn phone, shit. Don’t hang up! Damn!
(He losing my damn dominoes)
Just let me- Kendrick! When you get this message, man
Call me back. I need to know when you gon' bring back my damn car
This man fussin' 'bout some damn dominoes
It ain’t all that serious. Fuck, damn dominoes
Shit I'mma miss my damn appointment! Fuck!
Fuck them damn dominoes, nobody wanna hear that
(Nobody want to hear yo' ass!
Mattafact, cut my motherfuckin' oldies back on
You killin' my motherfuckin' vibe


I do what I wanna do
I say what I wanna say
When I feel, and I
Look in the mirror and know I'm there
With my hands in the air
I'm proud to say yeah
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real


I promise that I know you very well
Your eyes never lie, even if they tell
Sweet lullabies that come with a smell
Of a dozen roses flipping down the green hill
You're living in a world that come with plan B
Cause plan A never relay a guarantee
And plan C never could say just what it was
And your plans only can pan around love
You love him, you love them, you love her
You love so much, you love when love hurts
You love red bottom and gold that say "Queen"
You love hand-bag on the waist of your jean
You love French tip and trip that pay for
You love bank slip that tell you we paid more
You love a good hand whenever the card dealt
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself?


I do what I wanna do
I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I
Look in the mirror and know I'm there
With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real, (cause before you know it, everything's gone)


I promise that I know you very well
Your eyes never lie, even if they fell
Out the sky and your optics turn stale
Where they mold that's green, I can see you fit the bill
Of living in a world that come with plan B
Cause plan A only can make another mistake
And you can't see success coming from plan C
When it all breaks, you'll still say you're lovely
And love them and love when you love her
You love so much, you love when love hurts
You love fast cars and dead presidents old
You love fast women, you love keepin' control
Of everything that you love, you love beef
You love streets, you love running, ducking police
You love your hood, might even love it to death
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself?




The reason why I know you very well
Cause we have the same eyes, can't you tell?
The days I tried to cover up and conceal
My pride, it only made it harder for me to deal
When living in a world that come with plan B
A scapegoat cause plan A don't come free
And plan C just an excuse like "because"
Or the word "but," but what if I got love?
I love them, I love when I love her
I love so much, I love when love hurts
I love first verse ’cause you're the girl I attract
I love second verse ’cause you're the homie that pack
Burner like a stove top, that love cooking from scratch
I love what the both of you have to offer
In fact, I love it so much, I don't love anything else
But what love got to do with it when I don't love myself
To the point I should hate everything I do love?
Should I hate living my life inside the club?
Should I hate her for watching me for that reason?
Should I hate him for telling me that I'm seizin'?
Should I hate them for telling me "ball out"?
Should I hate street credibility I'm talkin' about
Hating all money, power, respect in my will
Or hating the fact none of that shit make me real?


Kenny, I ain't trippin' off them dominoes anymore. Just calling, sorry to hear what happened to your homeboy, but don't learn the hard way like I did, homie. Any nigga can kill a man, that don't make you a real nigga. Real is responsibility. Real is taking care of your motherfucking family. Real is God, nigga




Alright, that's all I wanted to tell you. Just make sure you call us back when you get this message. Here go your mom


Boy, you better have my car on full all this time you done had my damn car, but look I ain't trippin'. Look, the neighbors say they seen you and your little friends over there by Food for Less and they was preaching to you over there telling you about the good book because right about now that's what ya'll need. Oh, and Top Dawg called the house too. I guess they want you and Dave to come to the studio. But look, you take that music business serious, and put out something me and your dad can step to. Shit, you know we from Chicago, you know that's what we do


Sing my song, it's all for you (x16)


"If I don't hear from you by tomorrow, I hope you come back and learn from your mistakes. Come back a man, tell your story to these black and brown kids in Compton. Let 'em know you was just like them, but you still rose from that dark place of violence, becoming a positive person. But when you do make it, give back with your words of encouragement, and that's the best way to give back. To your city... And I love you Kendrick, if I don't hear you knocking on the door you know where I usually leave the key. Alright? Talk to you later, bye."

(Sound of a cassette tape being stopped and fast forwarded)


Smoking weed with you
Cause you taught me to


Every morning when I wake up, uh, money on my mind
Good times to get caked up, uh, sunshine coming through my blinds
I’m living but, really though, it's never enough
10 milli on, that's a must, living in California
Everybody wanna visit for (Women, weed and weather)
They come for (Women, weed and weather)
(For the women, weed and weather)
From all around the world for the (Women, weed and weather)
These niggas'll kill for that, put it in your grill for that
Still everybody gotta build for that, me? I make mills off that
How the fuck y'all can't see I ride, when I drive, down the block and
You look outside, H-A-T-E in your eyes, I enter big money for the enterprise
It's a beautiful day, I guess, for a bitch to roll with Andre, I guess
Roll it up, baby come lift that dress then roll it up for me when I'm stressed


You might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss
New Orleans and then Miami, party in New York
Texas I be screwed up, Chi Town I be really pimping
But nothing like my hometown I'm forever living


Women, weed and weather
(They come for) women, weed and weather
For the women, weed and weather
(From all around the world for the) women, weed and weather
Got that women, weed and weather
Don't it sound clever, come and play
What more can I say? Welcome to LA


Uhh, my nigga said he wanna fly out to get him
Some, three W's only for a three day run, bitch
Take them mothafuckin' panties off, you ain't no nun, shit
I be living in the sky everytime I ride by them hoes
Ribbon in the sky on the radio cause Stevie know I control
Let it breathe, I control, California living 'til I am old
You want to be on, to peak on the charts
So the peons can be gone and pee on their hearts
She in the coupe, she in the Neon
Cause she on the BS before we can start
Fuck with a nigga, ride with a nigga, let 'em know I'm priority order me
Hennessey and for my niggas OG Killa, call it Jason Voorhees
Boy he's on his job, boy he sure be having the marks on they mark
Pretty bitches and tire marks, let 'em inhale them pipe exhausts
Let 'em reveal how much it cost for this life controlling my vice
No way hell no, uh uh, if I'm wrong I don't wanna be right
We want to be on, to peak on the chart
So the peons can be gone and pee on their hearts
Women, weed, weather, it's not my fault
That it's 82 degrees and my top peeled off




Known for that homegrown where I come from
Smoke one, palm trees, double D's got 'em topless in the sun
I shall proceed, that's me, mothafuck your opinion
Huh, how many ways am I killing 'em? Shit, right around a billion
We on it, that mean we living for the moment
That mean she'll fuck 'til the morning, time and I got time
And I know that I'm in a position of controlling, anything, I by that ocean
I'm a boss I'll buy that ocean, ain't nobody fucking with this


They want that shit, they often fiend, I give it to 'em, but in between
My time, I gotta tie shoestrings, life's a trip when you want these things
I often slip and then I lean toward three W's in life
You know blow job need an application, eating pussy make appetite
And yeah my type, I like 'em brown
Just like my drink, the fuck you think
I don't fuck with no hand me downs
See if you fuck then it's after me
You know how much I'mma make it work?
You know her dress slip it in her purse
When you discussed your love for lust
Just make sure you visit here first, Cali




We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people
I'm inspired, so get inspired


And so he said "Why you gotta be so kind hearted?
Why you couldn't be a con artist? Why you couldn't?
Why you couldn't be mischievous or just a lil devious
The moment that we first started?
Why you never ask for nothing, just a lil time?
Why you let me use yours cus I don't got mine?
Why you always lift me up, when I'm completely giving up
Or when niggas holla, "What's up?" you give a dry response?
Why you giving me your last knowing you ain't got it?
Why you always buy me something when you going shopping?
Why you tell me that you love me, Why you always thinking of me
Want my company rather than going club hopping?
Why you treating my momma like she your momma too?
Why you making promises that you'll forever do?
Whatever just to make me happy, wanting us to have a family
These are exactly the reasons why I cheat on you" (Sometimes)


We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us


Sometimes I, sometimes I feel we share
Nothing in common, it ain't fair
But where do we seem to fall
Where do we seem to fall
Tender love and care, once upon a time
Once upon a time, we was there


And so she said "Why you gotta be so mean to me?
Why you don't know what you mean to me?
Why you always playing games? Why I feel like you ashamed
Out in public curse me out and make a scenery?
Why you got other bitches rolling their eyes at me?
Why text messages popping up saying, "Hi, Daddy"?
Why you treat me like I'm nothing? Why you always at a function?
I be wanting to go out but you don’t ever ask me
Why you slip and say her name when we having sex?
Why you always assuming that I still love my ex?
Everytime we get into it, I'm the one that's feeling stupid
You don't need me, you gon' leave me, that's ya favorite threat
Why you never know how it feel to be lonely?
Why I feel I'm the last option after ya homies?
Why you always gotta know that I will never let you go
Even tho you get violent and put your hands on me?" (Sometimes)




She says she loves me
She says she loves me
So she clings to me, even when I want to be left alone
But she's beautiful
Like sometimes when I have things on my mind,shes the perfect person to listen
And she only gives advice
She says she loves me
And she only gives advice
She says she loves me
Like when I wake up in the morning, shes sitting on the edge of the bed with a plate of food, wanting to feed me
She says she needs me
She says she loves me
Or like when I'm stepping out of the shower, she's standing there with the towel, wanting to, wanting to dry me off
She says, she says she loves me
So instead of admitting that she has made another mistake
She says she loves me... and I don't know about love


I wanna hit line drives...
Wanna lose weight and keep eating...
For you...
Hey, whats up doc?


Now I was raised in a sandbox, next to you and her
You was holding the handgun, she was giving birth
To a baby boy to be just like you, I wonder what's that worth
I-I wonder if you ever knew that you was a role model to me first
The next day I-I woke up in the morning, seen you on the news
Looked in the mirror, then realized I-I-I had something to prove
You told me "Don't be like me, just finish watching cartoons"
Which is funny now cause all I see is Wile E. Coyotes in the room


And I run it, (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it, (Yeah! Blow!)
That's ironic, (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
I run it, (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
That's ironic, (Y-Yeah! Blow!)
I run it, (Yeah! Blow! Yeah!)
Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth
Just for you, mothafucka, hope y'all amused
And I run it, (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!), and I run it, (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!)
And I run it, (Y-Yeah! Blow!), and I run it (Yeah! Blow!) That's ironic


Liberation...leader...
Popular pie plant pictured here...
Wile E. Coyote! Wile E. Coyote!


This shit make a nigga just wanna write
Reminisce when I had the morning appetite
Apple Jacks and after that I hit the TV Guide
Animaniac the only thing that gave me peace of mind
I’m a maniac when aiming at the enemy that lied
Tell a story that I'll never grow to 25
Not to worry, every warrior will come and see euphoria
And that's a covenant I put on every tribe
Ain't nobody gon' tie your shoe
Nobody gon' abide by your rule
Nobody holding your gun, how come your tongue say killa then kill my mood
Light speed living in the world you know
Little old me, feeling like a live wire
Bet I put some new tires on a lightning bolt
'Til I wreck into a pole, like a right to vote
I'm from the bottom of the jungle
Living in the bottom of the food chain
When you get a new chain, nigga take it from you
A new name, want stripes, and you a zebra look-alike
Hope another homicide don't numb you and none do
Things we will never learn soon
In the era where we wanna earn soon
That's a error, you can smell it in the air and everybody really doomed
That's why I'm backdooring you motherfuckas
All y'all can suck my dick
All them days at the county building
Now I'm 'bout to make my mama rich
Cartoons and (cereal!) I ain't felt this (good since!)
Scrooge McDuck, (here we go!) Elementary hood shit




This shit make a nigga just wanna shit on everybody
Even with a pot to piss in
I'mma aim sloppy at a loud mouth, discharge
Dismiss any business of yours
Discounts never did amount to a check
That ya ass couldn't cash when the shit bounce
Everything dismounts, niggas gon' flip that car
AKs for the whole hood
House lick went down perfect
Two shots to the head he deserved it
I overheard it hit my bed with a bowl and remote control
Dark Wing Duck lost service
Mama said I'd better duck, she's nervous
Drama all up in the cut, hit the curtains
I mean don't intervene with no gun machine
This block stay jerking, the feds stay lurkin'
Emerging on everbody corner (dash for it)
Get a toe tag when you play tag with a task of a new (task force)
Everybody wanna know my life
How did I make it (past yours)
Well let me tell you like this
I've been running this shit since (I asked for it)
Cartoons and cereal




Salt all in my wounds
Hear my tears all in my tunes
Let my life loose in this booth just for you
Mufucka hope y'all amused!
I did wrong, karma came
Crackers gave me ball and chain
Friends, enemies all the same
State, fed, both can hang
Nobody can mute me
But I never said nobody can't shoot me
Just another stat to the white folks
Still whip work to the white yolk, absolutely!
Everyday feel like the one before
Hunt the money, don't hunt the ho
If you do what you always done
Then you get what you always got
You dumb buffoons!
I ain't seen the back of my eyelids
For about the past 72 hours
Hand on my heart, face to the hood
I pledge every word you ever heard was honest
Yeah this me, no mic
No cameras, no lights, just pain
Mama, how much trauma can I sustain?
Dirty money come with lots of stains
Road to riches come with lots of lanes
Just another player with lots of game
Never had shit, got lots to gain...

Just another player with lots of game
Never had shit, got lots to gain

(To Be Continued)


I am a sinner who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me, Lord forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe, bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink, I got my music
I would share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch, don't kill my vibe; bitch, don't kill my vibe
Bitch, don't kill my vibe; bitch, don't kill my vibe


Look inside of my soul and you can find gold and maybe get rich, hol' up
Trinidad Jame$ in four weeks
But now my album platinum and shit, so what
Y'all keep the numbers
I'm more than another statistic, my nigga
This courtesy of Compton
Brooklyn go hard, motherfucker
Love me on the East like I'm Chuck D
Dominicans wish that I was born there
I'm lookin' to be the god MC
You look at my hat and see thorns there
I look at the game and see porn there
I'm fuckin' this industry hard
I'm bagging this money, tea-bagging your honey
You thought I was fresh out the yard
Don't cry to me dummy, you're a lightweight
They tell me you nice and I'm like "wait"
Go get me a knife, you're looking like steak
And when the stakes are high, I stake out for days
And when the water reside, you're Bobby Boucher
But we thirsty nigga, never alert me, nigga
I got a P89 in a suitcase
I know you heard me, nigga, this is a burpee, nigga
Lyrical exercise
Right now, homie, I'm in the extra vibe
Pipe down, on the curb when you heard that I got these words
To the upper echelon, that's excellent




Up in the clouds, me and my spouse
Rumors on the ground gettin' too loud
Please turn them shits down, can't hear myself think
Turbulence, shit, almost spilled my drink
In the White House with a mink
Running through that bitch like it's my house
All up in the hall like a mall
Told you motherfuckers, all I do is ball
No, I don't 'member you, I don't intend to empty my memory bank
It's a million dollars in it, baby, Hilary Swank
Sittin' next to Hillary smellin' like dank
Presidental pardon, name one nigga out there harder than him
I'll wait
I've been in my wave like 20 years straight
I've been on my vibe like 20 years straight
Don't fuck up my high, fuck up my high
Nights like this, I could fuck up a pie
An still be straight (still be straight)
Fall back, bitch, I got a lot on my plate
Don't waste my breath
I don't know how many moons a nigga got left
Back to this joint, smokin' this shit like I'm tryna' prove a point
I'm the highest, the highest title, numero uno
Kill my vibe, that's your motherfuckin' funeral


Between you and me, turn eulogy to urinals, niggas pissed off
I ministered this diss shit, I'm pushin' my fort
Leader of the new school, on my toes like a ballerina
Who knew I'd be Black Swan
World in my palms, ironically
I am the Globetrotters' best
Cause I didn't drop the ball
Told niggas when I was 16 that I'd write a 16
To put a nigga right on the big screen
In the paddy wagon with six teens
Should have been in the pen but now my pen write with morphine
I heal niggas, touch down with more fiends
I kill niggas, audio crack, khakis to meal ticket
Cardio lap, was running for dear life but now I'm running the map
Bitch, I'm here nigga
Picture lil' ol' me giving a fuck for what a fuck nigga gotta say
Nigga you never be Jay, never be Nas, never be Snoop nor Dre
You ain't get killed in Vegas or in a Suburban
Nigga, Puff Daddy wasn't your favorite
So many washed up with detergent
But I don't dry tears, I just aim at them on purpose
Like blah, Mini-14 like blah
Empty out another magazine like blah
Let a young nigga get by
I kill 'em all when they try to kill my vibe
I am the bad, the good God, the last the hood got
The last that would try to pass a good job
If Shawn's a black Beatle then I need a 10 second drum solo
Bitch see you at Woodstock


Mass hallucination baby
Ill education baby
Want to reconnect with your elations
This is your station baby


Look inside these walls and you see I'm having withdrawals
Of a prisoner on his way trapped inside your desire
To fire bullets that stray, track attire just tell you
I'm tired and ran away, I should ask a choir
What do you require to sing a song that acquire me to have faith
As the record spin I should pray for the record I recognize
That I'm easily prey, I got ate alive yesterday
I got animosity building, it's probably big as a building
Me jumping off of the roof is me just playing it safe
But what am I supposed to do when the topic is red or blue
And you understand that I ain't, but know I'm accustomed to
Just a couple that look for trouble and live in the street with rank
No better picture to paint than me walking from bible study
And called his homies because he had said he noticed my face
From a function that tooken place, they was wondering if I bang
Step on my neck and get blood on your Nike checks
I don't mind because one day you'll respect, the good kid, m.A.A.d. city




All I see is strobe lights, blinding me in my hindsight
Finding me by myself, promise me you can help
In all honesty I got time to be copacetic until
You had finally made decision to hold me against my will
It was like a head on collision that folded me standing still
I can never pick out the difference and grade a cop on the bill
Every time you clock in the morning, I feel you just want to kill
All my innocence while ignoring my purpose to persevere as a better person
I know you heard this and probably in fear
But what am I supposed to do with the blinking of red and blue
Flash from the top of your roof and your dog has to say woof
And you ask, "Lift up your shirt" cause you wonder if a tattoo
Of affiliation can make it a pleasure to put me through
Gang files, but that don't matter because the matter is racial profile
I heard them chatter: "He's probably young but I know that he's down"
Step on his neck as hard as your bullet proof vest
He don't mind, he know we'll never respect, the good kid, m.A.A.d. city




All I see in this room: 20's, Xannies and these 'shrooms
Grown-up candy for pain, can we live in a sane society
It's entirely stressful upon my brain
You hired me as a victim, I quietly hope for change
When violence is the rhythm, inspired me to obtain
The silence in this room with 20's, Xannies and 'shrooms
Some grown-up candy I lost it, I feel it's nothing to lose
The streets sure to release the worst side of my best
Don't mind, cause now you ever in debt to good kid, m.A.A.d. city


Who wants that perfect love story anyway, anyway?
Cliché, cliché, cliché, cliché
Who wants that hero love that saves the day, anyway?
Cliché, cliché, cliché, cliché
What about the bad guy goes good, yeah?
And the missing love that's misunderstood, yeah?
Black hour glass, our glass
Toast to clichés in a dark past
Toast to clichés in a dark past


Boy meets girl, girl perfect woman
Girl get to bustin' before the cops come running
Chuck the deuces, chuck the D'usse
Fuck what you say, boys in blue say


I don't care if we on the run
Baby as long I'm next to you
And if loving you is a crime
Tell me why do I bring out the best in you


I hear sirens while we make love
Loud as hell, but they don't know
They're nowhere near us
I will hold your heart and your gun
I don't care if they come, noooo
I know it's crazy but


They can take me
Now that I found the places that you take me
Without you I got nothing to lose


I'm an outlaw, got an outlaw chick
Bumping 2Pac, on my outlaw shit
Matching tatts, this Ink don't come off
Even if rings come off, if things ring off
My nails get dirty, my past ain't pretty
My lady is, my Mercedes is
My baby momma harder than a lot of you niggas
Keep it 100, hit the lottery niggas
You ain't about that life ain't gotta lie to me, nigga
You know it's 'til the death, I hope it's obvi to niggas
Cross the line, speak about mine
I'mma wave this Tec, I'm a geek about mine
Touch a nigga where his rib at, I click clack
Push your mothafuckin' wig back, I did that
I been wilding since a juvi, she was a good girl
'til she knew me, now she is in the drop bustin' Uey's, screaming




Deeper then words, beyond right
Die for your love, beyond life
Sweet as a Jesus piece, beyond ice
Blind me baby with your neon lights
Ray Bans on, police in sight
Oh, what a beautiful death, let's both wear white
If you go to heaven and they bring me to hell
Just sneak out and meet me, bring a box of L's
She fell in love with the bad guy, the bad guy
What you doing with them rap guys, them rap guys
They ain't see potential in me girl, but you see it
If it's me and you against the world, then so be it


I don't care if they give me life
I get all of my life from you
And if loving you had a price
I would pay my life for you




I don't care I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
No I swear I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
I don't care I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
No I swear I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
(Without you I got nothing to lose)
You'd take the clothes off my back and I'd let you
You'd steal the food right out my mouth and I'd watch you eat it
I still don’t know why, why our love is so much, ohh
(Thanks for warning me, thanks for warning me)
You curse my name, in spite to put me to shame
Hang my laundry in the streets, dirty or clean, give it up for fame
But I still don't know why, why I love it so much
(Thanks for warning me, thanks for warning me)


And baby, it's amazing I'm in this maze with you, I just can't crack your code
One day you screaming you love me loud, the next day you're so cold
One day you're here, one day you're there, one day you care
You're so unfair, sipping from your cup 'til it runneth over, Holy Grail


Blue told me remind you niggas
Fuck that shit y'all talking 'bout, I'm the nigga
Caught up in all these lights and cameras
But look what that shit did to Hammer
Goddammit it I like it
Bright lights is enticing but look what it did to Tyson
All that money in one night, thirty mill for one fight
But soon as all the money blows, all the pigeons take flight
Fuck the fame, keep cheating on me, what I do, I took her back
Fool me twice that's my bad, I can't even blame her for that
Enough to make me wanna murder, momma please just get my bail
I know nobody to blame, Kurt Cobain, I did it to myself


And we all just entertainers
And we're stupid and contagious
And we all just entertainers




Now I got tattoos on my body, psycho bitches in my lobby
I got haters in the paper, photo shoots with paparazzi
Can't even take my daughter for a walk, see 'em by the corner store
I feel like I'm cornered off enough is enough, I'm calling this off
Who the fuck I'm kidding though, I'm getting high, sitting low
Sliding by in that big body, curtains all in my window
This fame hurt but this chain worse, I think back you asked the same person
If this is all you had to deal with, nigga deal with, this shit ain't work
This light work, camera snapping, my eyes hurt, niggas dying back where
I was birthed, fuck your iris and the IRS, get the hell up off your high horse
You got the shit that niggas die for, dry yours, why you mad?
Take the good with the bad, or throw the baby out with that bath water


You still alive, still that nigga
Nigga you survived, you still getting bigger
Nigga, living the life, vanilla wafers in a villa
Illest nigga alive, Michael Jackson's Thriller




You get the air out my lungs whenever you need it
And you take the blade right out my heart, just so you can watch me bleed
And I still don't know why, why I love you so much, yeah
And you play this game in spite to drive me insane
I got it tattooed on my sleeve forever in ink with guess whose name
But I still don't know why, why our love is so much


"A little over a year ago I was in bondage, and now I'm back out here reaping the blessings and getting the benefits that go along with it, everything that's out here for kings like us. The reason why we like this, this jewelry and this diamonds and stuff, they don't understand is, because we really from Africa, and that's where all this stuff come from. And we originated from kings, you know what I'm saying? So don't look down on the youngsters because they wanna have shiny things. It's in our genes, know what I'm saying? We just don't all know our history, so—"


Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Sexy bitch I hope she 'bout it
Come fuck with me, you know I got it


I just landed in Europe, nigga
Shopping bags, I'm a tourist, nigga
Money talk I speak fluent, nigga
Reeboks on, I just do it, nigga
Look at me, I'm pure nigga
I bet the hoes on my tour, nigga
I don't bop, I do the money dance
My bitch whip cost a hundred grand
Red vert, you see me slide
Sexy bitch I hope she 'bout it
Sexy bitch I know she 'bout it
Fuck with me, you know I got it




Hov just landed in Rome, nigga
All hail, Caesar's home, niggas
Cent'anni, ciao bella
Come money dance with the good fellas
Hov keep gettin' that dinero, got it
Even if a nigga gotta Robert, get it?
Black Jack in a casino
A nigga got unlimited credit
A nigga got a lot of vendettas
But we the Black mob, we gonna set it
Peel off in a Lamborghini Countach
200 in the dash we gonna rev it (skirt)
Lucky Luciano is what they call me, paesano
A 100 keys at the piano plays across the Verrazano
El Padrino, in the villa in Venice sipping vino
Not bad for a mulignan
Y'all know like we know, I got it




I'm riding big coming down that beach
Geechi niggas with satin sheets
Bad bitch, she a masterpiece
Got a bad bitch, she a master; peace
Motherfuckers say that I'm foolish I only talk about jewels
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?
See I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
That same dude you gave nothing, I made something doing
What I do, through and through and
I give you the news with a twist, it's just his ghetto point-of-view
The renegade, you been afraid
I penetrate pop culture, bring em a lot closer to the block where they
Pop toasters and they live with they Moms
Got dropped roadsters from botched robberies, niggas crouched over
Mami's knocked up cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown when child support knocked
No he's not around
Now how that sound to ya, jot it down
I bring it through the ghetto without riding round
Hiding down ducking strays from frustrated youths stuck in they ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothing relate to it
I help them see they way through it, not you
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you're worth, you'll lose your tie and your shirt


Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with em a minute
Cause, see, they call me a menace and if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth, grin and bear it
Now who's the king of these rude, ludicrous, lucrative lyrics
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Using his music to steer it, sharing his views and his merits
But there's a huge interference: they're saying you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in America
As a motherfuckin' drug addict, like you didn't experiment, nah nah
That's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothing to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fucking do-gooders, too bad you couldn't do good at marriage
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here
I don't think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
Cause here we go, he's {*Jigga j-Jigga*}
And I'm the sinister Mr. Kiss-My-Ass, it's just the


Renegade, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
Cause I'm a renegade! Never been afraid to talk
About anything, anything, anything, anything, renegade
Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
Cause I'm a renegade, never been afraid to holler
About anything (etc.)


I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lot of lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lot of innocent lives lost on the project bench
Whatchu hollering, gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega, iron under my coat, feeling braver
Durag wrapping my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me, I'm awkward, I box lefty
An orphan my pops left me, and often, my momma wasn't home
Could not stress to me I wasn't grown, especially on nights
I brought something home to quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor, thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raising green up
Raising my fingers to critics
Raising my head to the sky B.I.G. I did it, multi before I die
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight


See I'm a poet to some, a regular modern-day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ, the King of these Latter-Day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me as
As a monger of hate, satanist, scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter, a gateway to escape
Media scapegoat; who they can be mad at today
See it's easy as cake, simple as whistling Dixie
While I'm waving the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
In holy water, no wonder they tried to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfucking spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube, motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do, I'm just a kid from the gutter
Making this butter off these bloodsuckers
Cause I'm a muthafuckin'


Yeah, I'm out that Brooklyn, now I'm down in Tribeca
Right next to DeNiro, but I’ll be hood forever
I’m the new Sinatra and since I made it here
I can make it anywhere, yeah, they love me everywhere
I used to cop in Harlem, hola my Dominicanos
Right there up on Broadway, brought me back to that McDonalds
Took it to my stash spot, 560 State Street
Catch me in the kitchen like a Simmons whipping pastry
Cruising down 8th street, off-white Lexus
Driving so slow but BK is from Texas
Me I’m out that Bed-Stuy, home of that boy Biggie
Now I live on Billboard and I brought my boys with me
Say what up to Ty Ty, still sipping mai tais
Sitting courtside Knicks and Nets give me high fives
Nigga I be Spiked out, I can trip a referee
Tell by my attitude that I most definitely from...


New York, concrete jungle where dreams are made
There's nothing you can’t do
Now you’re in New York
These streets will make you feel brand new
Big lights will inspire you
Let's hear it for New York


You're welcome OG, I made you hot, nigga


Catch me at the X with OG at a Yankee game
Shit, I made the Yankee hat more famous than a Yankee can
You should know I bleed Blue, but I ain't a Crip, though
But I got a gang of niggas walking with my clique though
Welcome to the melting pot, corners where we selling rocks
Afrika Bambaataa shit, home of the hip-hop
Yellow cab, gypsy cab, dollar cab, holla back
For foreigners it ain't fair, they act like they forgot how to add
8 million stories out there in the naked City
It's a pity half of y’all won’t make it
Me I gotta plug Special Ed "I Got It Made"
If Jeezy's paying LeBron, I’m paying Dwyane Wade
3 dice Cee-lo, 3 card Marley
Labor Day Parade, rest in peace Bob Marley
Statue of Liberty, long live the World trade
Long live the king, yo; I’m from the Empire State, that's:




That boy good...
Welcome to the bright light, baby


Lights is blinding, girls need blinders
So they can step out of bounds quick
The side lines is lined with casualties
Who sip the life casually, then gradually become worse
Don’t bite the apple, Eve
Caught up in the in-crowd, now you're in-style
And in the winter gets cold en vogue with your skin out
The city of sin is a pity on a whim
Good girls gone bad, the city's filled with 'em
Mommy took a bus trip and now she got her bust out
Everybody ride her, just like a bus route
"Hail Mary" to the city, you're a virgin
And Jesus can’t save you, life starts when the church ends
Came here for school, graduated to the high life
Ball players, rap stars, addicted to the limelight
MDMA got you feeling like a champion
The city never sleeps, better slip you a Ambien




One hand in the air for the big city
Street lights, big dreams all looking pretty
No place in the world that can compare
Put your lighters in the air, everybody say: "yeah!"


Clap for a nigga with his rapping ass
Blow a stack for your niggas with your trapping ass


Tom Ford, Tom Ford, Tom Ford


Coming up, coming down
Riding clean fix your hair in my Crown
Bad bitch, H town
Keep it trill, y'all know y'all can't fuck around


Paris where we been, pard' my Parisian
It's Hov time in no time, it's fuck-all-y'all season
Piss Bordeaux and Burgundies, flush out a Riesling
When Hov's out, them hoes out, y'all put y'all weaves in, and
Clap for a nigga with his rapping ass
Blow a stack for your niggas with your trapping ass
Spent all my euros on tuxes and weird clothes
I party with weirdos, yeah Hov, yeah Hov


I don't pop molly, I rock Tom Ford
International bring back the Concorde
Numbers don't lie, check the scoreboard

Tom Ford, Tom Ford, Tom Ford


Hands down got the best flow, sound I'm so special
Sound boy burial, this my Wayne Perry flow
Y'all know nothing 'bout Wayne Perry though
District of Columbia, guns on y'all Tumblrs
Fuck hashtags and retweets, nigga
140 characters in these streets, nigga
Pardon my laughing, y'all only flagging on beats, nigga
Pardon my laughing, I happen to think you sweet




Oh, man, so throwed




Hold up (I don't pop molly, I rock Tom Ford)


If you're having girl problems I feel bad for you, son
I've got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one


I've got the Rap Patrol on the gat patrol
Foes that wanna make sure my casket's closed
Rap critics that say he's Money, Cash, Hoes
I'm from the hood stupid, what type of facts are those
If you grew up with holes in your zapatos
You'd celebrate the minute you was having dough
I'm like fuck critics, you can kiss my whole asshole
If you don't like my lyrics, you can press fast forward
Got beef with radio if I don't play they show
They don't play my hits, well I don't give a shit, so
Rap mags try and use my black ass
So advertisers can give em more cash for ads, fuckers
I don't know what you take me as
Or understand the intelligence that Jay-Z has
I'm from rags to riches, niggas I ain't dumb
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one, hit me




The year is '94, in my trunk is raw
In my rearview mirror is the motherfucking law
Got two choices y'all, pull over the car or
Bounce on the devil, put the pedal to the floor
And I ain't tryna see no highway chase with Jake
Plus I got a few dollars, I can fight the case
So I, pull over to the side of the road, I heard
"Son do you know why I'm stopping you for?"
Cause I'm young and I'm black and my hat's real low
Do I look like a mind reader sir, I don't know
Am I under arrest or should I guess some more?
"Well you was doing fifty-five in a fifty-four
License and registration and step out of the car
Are you carrying a weapon on you? I know a lot of you are"
I ain't stepping out of shit, all my paper's legit
"Well, do you mind if I look around the car a little bit?"
Well, my glove compartment is locked, so is the trunk in the back
And I know my rights, so you gon' need a warrant for that
"Aren't you sharp as a tack
You some type of lawyer or something
Somebody important or something"
Well, I ain't passed the bar but I know a little bit
Enough that you won't illegally search my shit
"Well we'll see how smart you are when the K9 come"
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one, hit me




Now once upon a time, not too long ago
A nigga like myself had to strong-arm a ho
This is not a ho in the sense of having a pussy
But a pussy having no goddamn sense, try and push me
I try to ignore him, talk to the Lord
Pray for him, but some fools just love to perform
You know the type, loud as a motorbike
But wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight
And only thing that's gon' happen is
I'm-a get to clapping and
He and his boys gonna be yapping to the Captain
And there I go, trapped in the Kit-Kat again
Back through the system with the riff-raff again
Fiends on the floor, scratching again
Paparazzis with they cameras, snapping em
D.A. try to give a nigga shaft again
Half a mil' for bail cause I'm African
All because this fool was harassing them
Tryna play the boy like he's saccharine
But ain't nothing sweet bout how I hold my gun
I got 99 problems, being a bitch ain't one, hit me




You crazy for this one, Rick
It's your boy
It was all good just a week ago
Had this all good just a week ago


Last week I had everything
I had the money, had the cars, the bitches, and the jewelry
And then my motherfucking niggas started snitching
Beyotch!


Growing up in the hood just my dog and me
We used to hustle in the hood for all to see
Problems: I called on him, he called on me
We wasn't quite partners, I hit him off my P
Let him, unlock doors off my keys
Yeah we spoke, much more than cordially
Man he broke bread with me, my business spread swiftly
The Feds came to get me, we both fled quickly
Wasn't quick enough to jump over the hedges with me
Got caught, and that's when our relationship strayed
Used to call me from the joint til he ran out of change
And when he called collect and I heard his name
I quickly accepted, but when I reached the phone
He's talking reckless, I can sense deceit in his tone
I said, "Damn dogg, what, 9 weeks and you're home?"
He said: "Main man, you think shit's sweet cause you're home"
I just sat, spat no more speech in the phone
The crackers up there bleaching your dome, you're reaching
I said: "The world don't stop, I've got to keep.. keep on"
From there I sensed the beef was on
I ran to the spy store to add some more features on my phone
To see if I had bugs and leeches on my phone
Can't be too safe cause niggas is two-faced
And they show the other side when they catch a new case
It's on


It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
(Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago)

Funny what 7 days can change
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
Used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
It was all good just a week ago


Like I put the toast to your head and made you sell
We both came in this game, blind as hell
I did a little better, had more clientele
Told you put away some cheddar now you crying for bail
Seventeen and I'm holding on to around a mill
I could bail out and blow trial and come around on appeal
Had niggas thinking I was from Uptown for real
I had so much hustle plus I was down to ill
Like a Brooklyn nigga, straight out of Brownsville
Down and dirty, down to fight to round 30
Freezing on them corners, still holding my crack
Looking up and down the block, the fuck is the dough at?
Came from flat broke to letting the dough stack
You tell them Feds I said: "I'm never going back"
I'm from Marcy, and Marcy don't raise no rats
You know the consequences of your acts, you can't be serious




The lawyer I retained you said you leakin some things
All this after a week in the bing
I'm mad at myself cause I didn't spot the weakling
I would've bet the house you wouldn't speak a thing
Nigga this was the oath, to the top or broke
Even pricked our finger, anything that got between us
We s'posed to cock the Ninas, what happened to that?
Instead you copped out to a misdemeanor
Fuck it, the same thing make you laugh make you cry
That's right, the same game that make you math could make you die
It's a dice game, and sometimes you crap
Who would've thought you'd get popped one time and rat?
Now you know that's bad when your sister is mad
And your son gotta grow up like, "This is my dad?"
The labeling of a snitch is a lifetime scar
You'll always be in jail nigga, just minus the bars




Shit is crazy man
All these niggas out here snitching
We was one step away from taking this crack money
And recycling it through the ghettoes
And building back up our own hoods
Now all you niggas start snitching on each other
I got partners doing 15-20
Wouldn't have been doing SHIT if you didn't snitch
Beyotch! It's about time y'all check that shit out man
It ain't all good, shut your mouth
Just watch the game and don't snitch
It sure will do a lot for you, believe that baby
Jay-Z, Short Dawg's in the house main
You know I got it, got it going on, we got the money
Ain't got nothing to do with crime, baby
But I'm recognizing


You rat bastard!


I can't see 'em coming down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em coming down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry


Good dude, I know you love me like cooked food
Even though a nigga gotta move like a crook move
We was together on the block since free lunch
We should've been together having Four Seasons brunch
We used to use umbrellas to face the bad weather
So now we travel first class to change the forecast
Never in bunches, just me and you
I loved your point of view cause you held no punches
Still I left you for months on end
It's been months since I checked back in
We're somewhere in a small town, somewhere locking a mall down
Woodgrain, four and change, Armor All'd down
I can understand why you want a divorce now
Though I can't let you know it, pride won't let me show it
Pretend to be heroic, that's just one to grow with
But deep inside a nigga so sick




On repeat, the CD of BIG's "Me and My Bitch"
Watching Bonnie and Clyde, pretending to be that shit
Empty gun in your hand saying, "Let me see that clip"
Shopping sprees, pull out your Visa quick
A nigga had very bad credit, you helped me lease that whip
You helped me get the keys to that V dot 6
We was so happy poor but when we got rich
That's when our signals got crossed, and we got flipped
Rather mine, I don't know what made me leave that shit
Made me speed that quick, let me see - that's it
It was the cheese helped them bitches get amnesia quick
I used to cut up they buddies, now they sayin they love me
Used to tell they friends I was ugly and wouldn't touch me
Then I showed up in that dubbed out buggy
And then they got fussy and they don't remember that
And I don't remember you




A face of stone, was shocked on the other end of the phone
Word back home is that you had a special friend
So what was oh so special then
You have given away without getting at me
That's your fault, how many times you forgiven me
How was I to know that you was plain sick of me?
I know the way a nigga living was whack
But you don't get a nigga back like that!
Shit I'm a man with pride, you don't do shit like that
You don't just pick up and leave and leave me sick like that
You don't throw away what we had, just like that
I was just fucking them girls, I was gon' get right back
They say you can't turn a bad girl good
But once a good girl's gone bad, she's gone forever
I mourn forever, shit
I've got to live with the fact I did you wrong forever




R.O.C., we running this rap shit
Memphis Bleek, we running this rap shit
B. Mac, we running this rap shit
Freeway, we run this rap shit
O & Sparks, we running this rap shit
Chris & Neef, we running this rap shit
("Watch out!! We run New York")


The takeover, the break's over, nigga
God MC - me - Jay-hova
Hey lil soldier, you ain't ready for war
R.O.C. too strong for y'all
It's like bringing a knife to a gunfight, pen to a test
Your chest in the line of fire with your thin-ass vest
You bringing them boys to men, how them boys gonna win?
This is grown man B.I., get you rolled into triage, bi-atch
Your reach ain't long enough, dunny
Your peeps ain't strong enough, fucker
Roc-A-Fella is the army - better yet - the navy!
Niggas'll kidnap your babies, spit at your lady
We bring knife to fistfight, kill your drama
We kill you motherfucking ants with a sledgehammer
Don't let me do it to you, dunny, cause I overdo it
So you won't confuse it with "just rap music"




I don't care if you Mobb Deep, I hold triggers to crews
You little fuck, I got money stacks bigger than you
When I was pushing weight, back in '88
You was a ballerina, I got the pictures, I seen ya
Then you dropped "Shook Ones," switched your demeanour
Well - we don't believe you, you need more people
Roc-A-Fella, students of the game, we passed the class cause
Nobody can read you dudes like we do
Don't let em gas you, like "Jigga is ass and won't clap you"
Trust me on this one, I'll detach you
Mind from spirit, body from soul
They'll have to hold a mass, put your body in a hole
No, you're not on my level get your brakes tweaked
I sold what your whole album sold in my first week
You guys don't want it with Hov
Ask Nas, he don't want it with Hov, no!




I know you missing Nas all the (fame)
But along with celebrity comes about 70 shots to your frame, nigga
You a (lame)
You's the fag model for Karl Kani, Esco ads
Went from Nasty Nas to Esco's trash
Had a spark when you started but now you're just garbage
Fell from "top 10" to "not mentioned at all"
To your bodyguard's "Oochie Wally"'s verse better than yours
Matter of fact you had the worst flow on the whole fucking song
But I know: the sun don't shine, then son don't shine
That's why your (lame) career's come to an end
It's only so long fake thugs can pretend
Nigga, you ain't live it
You witnessed it from your folks' pad
You scribbled it in your notepad and created your life
I showed you your first TEC, on tour with Large Professor
Then I heard your album about your TEC on the dresser
So yeah, I sampled your voice, you was using it wrong
You made it a hot line, I made it a hot song
And you ain't get a coin, nigga, you was getting fucked then
I know who I paid, God - Serchlite publishing
Use your (brain)
You said you've been in this 10, I've been in it 5 - smarten up, Nas
4 albums in 10 years, nigga? I could divide
That's one every...let's say 2
2 of them shits was due
1 was "nah," the other was Illmatic
That's a one-hot-album-every-10-year average
And that's so (lame)
Nigga, switch up your flow
Your shit is garbage
What you trying to kick, knowledge?
You niggas gonna learn to respect the king
Don't be the next contestant on that Summer Jam screen
Because you-know-who did you-know-what with you-know-who
But let's keep that between me and you (for now)




A wise man told me don't argue with fools
Cause people from a distance can't tell who is who
So stop with that childish shit, nigga I'm grown
Please leave it alone - don't throw rocks at the throne
Do not bark up that tree, that tree will fall on you
I don't know why your advisers ain't forewarn you
Please, not Jay, he's not for play
I don't slack a minute, all that thug rapping and gimmicks
I will end it, all that yapping be finished
You are not deep, you made your bed now sleep
Don't make me expose you to them folks that don't know you
Nigga I know you well, all the stolen jew-els
Twinkletoes, you're breaking my heart
You can't fuck with me - go play somewhere, I'm busy
And all you other cats throwing shots at Jigga
You only get half a bar - fuck y'all niggas


This is a public service announcement
Sponsored by Just Blaze and the good folks at Roc-A-Fella Records


Fellow Americans, it is with the utmost pride and sincerity that I present this recording as a living testament and recollection of history in the making during our generation


Allow me to re-introduce myself
My name is Hov, OH, H-to-the-O-V
I used to move snowflakes by the O-Z
I guess even back then you can call me
CEO of the R-O-C, Hov!
Fresh out the fryin' pan into the fire
I be the music biz number one supplier
Flyer than a piece of paper bearin' my name
Got the hottest chick in the game wearin' my chain, that's right
Hov, OH—not D.O.C
But similar to them letters, "No One Can Do it Better"
I check cheddar like a food inspector
My homey Strick told me, "Dude finish your breakfast"
So that's what I'ma do, take you back to the dude
With the Lexus, fast-forward the jewels and the necklace
Let me tell you dudes what I do to protect this
I shoot at you actors like movie directors {*laughing*}
This ain't a movie, dog (oh shit)


Now before I finish, let me just say I did not come here to show out, did not come here to impress you. Because to tell you the truth when I leave here I'm GONE!
And I don't care WHAT you think about me—but just remember, when it hits the fan, brother, whether it's next year, ten years, twenty years from now, you'll never be able to say that these brothers lied to you JACK!


Thing ain't lie
I done came through the block in everything that's fly
I'm like Che Guevara with bling on, I'm complex
I never claimed to have wings on
Nigga, I get my "by any means" on whenever there's a drought
Get your umbrellas out because that's when I brainstorm
You can blame Shawn, but I ain't invent the game
I just rolled the dice, trying to get some change
And I'd do it twice, ain't no sense in me
Lying as if I am a different man
And I could blame my environment but
There ain't no reason why I be buying expensive chains
Hope you don't think users are the only abusers
Niggas getting high within the game
If you do then, how would you explain?
I'm ten years removed, still the vibe is in my veins
I got a hustler spirit, nigga, period
Check out my hat yo, peep the way I wear it
Check out my swag' yo, I walk like a ballplayer
No matter where you go, you are what you are player
And you can try to change but that's just the top layer
Man, you was who you was 'fore you got here
Only God can judge me, so I'm gone
Either love me, or leave me alone

Now, back to our regularly scheduled program, L'Album Noir: The Black Album


I just want a Picasso in my casa, no, my castle
I'm a hassa, no, I'm an asshole
I'm never satisfied, can't knock my hustle
I wanna Rothko, no, I want a brothel
No, I want a wife that fuck me like a prostitute
Let's make love on a million
In a dirty hotel with the fan on the ceiling
All for the love of drug dealing
Marble floors, gold ceilings
Oh, what a feeling, fuck it, I want a billion
Jeff Koons balloons, I just wanna blow up
Condos in my condos, I wanna row of
Christie's with my missy, live at the MoMA
Bacons and turkey bacons, smell the aroma


Oh, what a feeling
Picasso baby


It ain't hard to tell, I'm the new Jean Michel
Surrounded by Warhols, my whole team ball
Twin Bugattis outside the Art Basel
I just wanna live life colossal
Leonardo Da Vinci flows
Riccardo Tisci Givenchy clothes
See me throning at the Met
Vogueing on these niggas, champagne on my breath, yes
House like the Louvre or the Tate Modern
Cause I be going ape at the auction
Oh what a feeling, aw, fuck it, I want a trillion
Sleeping every night next to Mona Lisa
The modern day version with better features
Yellow Basquiat in my kitchen corner
Go 'head, lean on that shit Blue, you own it






"Et là je t'ai tout donné, montré, rien à cacher, tu es là Ivy, comme le nombre d'or. Jay, comment tu dis nombre d'or?"


"The golden number."


"Touché."


I never stuck my cock in the fox's box but
Damned if I ain't open Pandora's box
They try to slander your man on CNN and Fox
My Mirandas don't stand a chance with cops
Even my old fans like, "Old man, just stop"
I could if I would, but I can't, I'm hot
And you blow, I'm still the man to watch
Hublot on my left hand or not
Soon I step out the booth, the cameras pops
Niggas is cool with it 'til the canons pop
Now my hand on the Bible on the stand
Got your man in a jam again, got my hands in cuff
I'm like goddamn enough
I put down the cans and they ran amok
My hairpin pierce skin, ruptures spleens
Cracks ribs, go through cribs, and other things
No sympathy for the king, huh?
Niggas even talk about your baby crazy
Eventually the pendulum swings
Don't forget America this how you made me
Come through with the 'Ye mask on
Spray everything like SAMO, I won't scratch the Lambo
What's it gon take for me to go
For you to see, the modern day Pablo, Picasso baby
(You see this motherfucking face)
Blessings, blessings, yeah, I see..


Elephant tusk on the bow of a sailing lady, docked on the Ivory Coast
Mercedes in a row winding down the road
I hope my black skin don't dirt this white tuxedo before the Basquiat show
And if so, well fuck it, fuck it
Because this water drown my family, this water mixed my blood
This water tells my story, this water knows it all
Go ahead and spill some champagne in the water
Go ahead and watch the sun blaze on the waves of the ocean


Dope boy still smelling like cocaina
White boat, white robe, can he be more cleaner?
The oil spill that BP ain't clean up
I'm anti-Santa Maria
Only Christopher we acknowledge is Wallace
I don't even like Washingtons in my pocket
Black card go hard when I'm shopping
Boat dock in front of Hermes picking cotton
Silk and fleeces, lay on my Jesus
Oh my God, I hope y'all don't get seasick
See me in shit you never saw
If it wasn't for these pictures they wouldn't see me at all
Aww, whole world's in awe
I crash through glass ceilings, I break through closed doors
I'm on the ocean, I'm in heaven
Yachting, Ocean 11




Me and Ty Ty is like Pablo and Popeye
Winding dirt roads on mopeds spilling Opus
Welcome to the magnum opus, the Magna Carta
The best-selling author Decoded
On the holiday playing "Strange Fruit"
If I'mma make it to a billi I can't take the same route
Swoosh, that's the sound of the border
Swoosh, and that's the sound of a baller
Muhammad Hovi my back against the rope
The black Maybach, I'm back inside the boat
Shepard Fairey they finally gave me some hope
Can't believe they got a nigga to vote
Democrat? Nope, I sold dope
In trouble waters I had to learn how to float
On the ocean, I'm in heaven
Yachting, Ocean 11




Feel it coming in the air
Hear the screams from everywhere
I’m addicted to the thrill
It's a dangerous love affair
Can’t be scared when it goes down
Got a problem tell me now
Only thing that's on my mind is who's gonna run this town tonight
Is who's gonna run this town tonight
We gonna run this town!


We are, yeah, I said it: we are
This is Roc Nation, pledge your allegiance
Get your fatigues on, all black everything
Black cards, black cars
All black everything
And our girls are blackbirds riding with they Dillingers
I get more in depth if you boys really real enough
This is la Familia, I'll explain later
But for now let me get back to this paper
I'm a couple bands down and I'm tryin' get back
I gave Doug a grip and lost a flip for five stacks
Yeah, I'm talking 5 comma, 6 zeroes, dot zero, here Doug
Back to running circles round niggas
Now we squared up, hold up


Life’s a game but it's not fair
I break the rules so I don’t care
So I keep doing my own thing
Walking tall against the rain
Victory’s within the mile
Almost there don’t give up now
Only thing that's on my mind is who’s gonna run this town tonight
Hey (etc.)
Who’s gonna run this town tonight


We are, yeah, I said it: we are
You can call me Caesar, in a dark Caesar
Please follow the leader
So Eric B we are Microphone fiend
This the return of the God, Peace, God
Ah ah, it ain't no nobody fresher
I'm in Maison, ah, Martin Margiela
On the table screaming, "fuck the other side, they're jealous!"
We got a banquette full of broads
They got a table full of fellas
Yeah, and they ain't spending no cake
They should throw their hand in cause they ain't got no spades
Yeah, my whole team got dough
So my banquette is looking like millionaires' row




It's crazy how you can go from being Joe Blow
To everybody on your dick...no homo
I bought my whole family whips; no Volvos
Next time I’m in church, please: no photos
Police escorts, everybody passports
This the life that everybody ask for
This the fast life, we are on a crash course
What you think I rap for to push a fuckin' Rav 4?!
But I know that if I stay stunting
All these girls only gonna want one thing
I can spend my whole life goodwill hunting
Only good gonna come is it's good when I'm cumming
She got an ass that'll swallow up a G-string
And up top, ah, 2 bee stings
And I'm beasting off the Riesling
And my nigga just made it out the precinct
We give a damn about the drama that your dude bring
I'm just trying to change the color on your mood ring
Reebok, baby, you need to try some new things
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings?
"What's that, Ye?" "Baby, these heels"
"Is that a May-what?" "Baby, these wheels"
You trippin' when you ain't sippin', have a refill
You feeling like you running huh? Now you know how we feel


Let's go
Hov!
Uh huh, Hov'
You, are, not, ready
Hov', unstoppable, Dynasty, young Hova


I'm a hustler baby, (I'm a hustler)
I just want you to know, (wanna let you know)
It ain't where I been, (it ain't where I been)
But where I'm bout to go, (top of the world!)
Now I just wanna love you, (just wanna love you)
But be who I am, (you know you love me)
And with all this cash, (mo' money, mo' problems)
You'll forget your man
Now give it to me
(Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff
But don't bullshit me
C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff)


When the Remy's in the system, ain't no tellin
Will I fuck 'em will I diss 'em, that's what they be yellin
I'm a pimp by blood, not relation
Y'all be chasin, I replace them, huh?
Drunk off Crist', mami on E
Can't keep her little model hands off me
Both in the club, high, singing off key
"And I wish I never met her at all..."
It gets better, ordered another round
It's, about, to go, down
Got six model chicks, six bottles of Crist'
Four Belvederes, got weed everywhere
What do you say, me, you, and your Chloe glasses
Go somewhere private where we can discuss fashion
Like, Prada blouse, Gucci bra
Filth Mart jeans, take that off


Give it to me
(Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff
But don't bullshit me
C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff)
I said give it to me
(Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff
But don't bullshit me
Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff)


Yeah, save the narrative, you savin it for marriage
Let's keep it real ma, you savin it for karats
You wanna see how far I'mma go
How, much I'mma spend but you already know
Zip, zero, stingy with dinero
Might buy you Crist', but that about it
Might light your wrist, but that about it
Fuck it, I might wife you and buy you nice whips
Ma, but you really gotta ride nice dick
Know how to work your hips and your head's priceless
Profess you love the Hov', and I'll never let you down
Get you bling like the Neptune sound
Okay, hot Hov', too hot to hold
Ladies love me long time like 2Pac's soul
Only way to roll, Jigga and two ladies
I'm too cold, Motorola, two way page me, c'mon




Yeah, yeah, yeah
Same song, I'm back, been around the world
Ro-mancing girls that dance with girls
From, Club Cheetah, to Club Amnesia
The Peanuts in L.A., Bubblin' in Dublin
Can't deny me, why would you want to
You need me, why don't you try me
Baby you want to, believe me, Hov'!


You know I, thug em, fuck em, love em, leave em
Cause I don't fucking need em
Take em out the hood, keep em looking good
But I don't fucking feed em
First time they fuss I'm breezing
Talking bout, what's the reasons
I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch
Better trust and believe em
In the cut where I keep em
Til I need a nut, til I need to beat the guts
Then it's "beep beep" and I'm picking them up
Let em play with the dick in the truck
Many chicks wanna put Jigga's fists in cuffs
Divorce him and split his bucks
Just because you got good head, I'mma break bread
So you can be living it up
Shit I, part with nothing, y'all be fronting
Me give my heart to a woman
Not for nothing, never happen
I'll be forever macking
Heart cold as assassins, I got no passion, I got no patience
And I hate waiting, ho get your ass in and let's ride


We doing: big pimping, we spending cheese (Check 'em out now)
Big pimping on B.L.A.D.E's
We doing big pimping up in N.Y.C
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B


Nigga it's the big Southern rap impresario
Coming straight up out the black barrio
Makes a mill' up off a sorry ho
Then sit back and peep my sce-nahr-i-o
Oops, my bad, that's my scenario
No I can't fuck a scary ho
Now every time, every place, everywhere we go
Hoes start pointing - they say, "There he go!"
Now these motherfuckers know we carry more heat than a little bit
We don't pull it out over little shit
And if you catch a lick when I spit, then it won't be a little hit
Go read a book you illiterate son of a bitch and step up your vocab
Don't be surprised if your ho stab out with me
And you see us coming down on your SLAB
Living ghetto-fabulous, so mad, you just can't take it
But nigga if you hating I
Then you wait while I get your bitch butt-naked. Just break it
You gotta pay like you weigh: wet with two pairs of clothes on
Now get yo' ass to the back as I'm flying to the track
Timbaland let me spit my prose on
Pump it up in the pro-zone
That's the track that we breaking these hoes on
Ain't the track that we flow's on
But when shit get hot, then the Glock start popping like ozone
We keep hoes crunk like Trigger-man
For real, it don't get no bigger man
Don't trip, let's flip, getting throwed on the flip
Getting blowed with the motherfuckin' Jigga Man, fool


We doing: big pimping, we spending cheese (Check 'em out now)
Big pimping on B.L.A.D.E's
We doing big pimping up in P.A.T
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B


Smoking out, pouring up, keeping lean up in my cup
All my car got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck
Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall
If he up, watch him fall, nigga I can't fuck witch'all
If I wasn't rapping baby, I would still be riding Mercedes
Chroming, shining, sipping daily, no rest until whitey pay me
Uhhh, now what y'all know bout them Texas boys
Coming down in candied toys, smoking weed and talking noise




On the canopy, my stamina be, enough for Pamela Anderson Lee
MTV jam of the week
Made my money quick then back to the streets but
Still sitting on blades... sipping that ray
Standing on the corner of my block hustling
Still getting that cane
Half what I paid slipping right through customs
It'll sell by night its egg shell white
I got so many grams if the man find out
It will land me in jail for life
But I'm still big pimping, spending cheese
With B.U.N. B, Pimp C, and Timothy
We got bitches in the back of the truck, laughing it up
Jigga Man: that's what's up
Let's dance in style, let's dance for a while
Heaven can wait, we're only watching the skies
Hoping for the best but expecting the worst
Are you gonna drop the bomb or not?
Let us die young or let us live forever
We don't have the power but we never say never
Sitting in a sandpit, life is a short trip
The music's for the sad man
Forever young, I wanna be forever young
Do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever?
Forever young (young)
I wanna be (Aye, may the best of your todays)
Forever young (Be the worst of your tomorrows)
Do you really want to live forever (But we ain't even thinkin' that far)
Forever (ya know what I mean?)
Forever young


So we livin' life like a video
Where the sun is always out and you never get old
And the champagne's always cold and the music is always good
And the pretty girls just happen to stop by in the hood
And they hop they pretty ass up on the hood of that pretty ass car
Without a wrinkle in today, cuz there's no tomorrow
Just a picture perfect day that last a whole lifetime
And it never ends cause all we have to do is hit rewind
So let's just stay in the moment, smoke some weed, drink some wine
Reminisce, talk some shit, forever young is in your mind
Leave a mark they can't erase, neither space nor time
So when the director yells cut, I'll be fine
I'm forever young


Forever young, I wanna be forever young
Do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever?
Forever young, I wanna be forever young
Do you really want to live forever, forever? Forever young


Fear not when, fear not why, fear not much while we're alive
Life is for living, not living uptight, 'till you're somewhere up in the sky
Fear not die, I'll be alive for a million years, bye bye's
Are not for legends, I'm forever young, my name shall survive
Through the darkest blocks, over kitchen stoves, over Pyrex pots
My name shall be passed down to generations
While debatin' up in barber shops
Young slung, hung here, showed that a nigga from here
With a little ambition, just what we can become here
And as the father pass the story down to his son's ears
Young'll get younger every year, yeah
So if you love me baby, this is how you let me know
Don't ever let me go, that's how you let me know, baby




Slammin' Bentley doors, hoppin' outta Porsches
Poppin' up on Forbes' list, gorgeous (hold up)
Niggas thought I lost it, they be talking bullshit
I be talking more shit, they nauseous (hold up)
I'll be here forever, you know I'm on my fall shit
And I ain't with foreclosure, I will never forfeit
Less than four bars, Guru bring the chorus in
Did you get the picture yet? I'm painting you a portrait
Of young


Forever young, I wanna be forever young
Do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever?


Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard


This is black hoodie rap
There's no fear in my eyes where they lookin' at
Better look on map, besides, me nah like to eye fight
Me nah think such a ting is worth a man's life (Christ!)
But if a man test my Stuy
I promise he won't like my reply
Boom bye bye like Buju I'm crucial
I'm a Brooklyn boy I may take some gettin' use to
Chain snatchin', ain't have it, gotta get it
Same shitted, from Brownsville to Bainbrid-idge
Fatherless child, mama pulled double shifts
So the number runners was the only one I hanged widith
Before you know it I'm in the game, bang fidith
Fear no orangutans, pe-deal cid-daps
Like oranges-es, I'm dangerous
Please, tell me what the name of this shit


Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard
(B-R-O-O-K-L-Y-N, come again)


I father, I Brooklyn Dodger them
I jack, I rob, I sin
Aww man, I'm Jackie Robinson
'Cept when I run base, I dodge the pen
Lucky me, luckily, they didn't get me
Now when I bring the Nets, I'm the black Branch Rickey
From Brooklyn corners, burnin' branches of sticky
Spread love, Biggie, Brooklyn, hippie
I pity the fool with jewels like Mr. T
With no history in my borough, they borrow
With no intentions of returnin', tomorrow
The sun don't come out for many, like Annie
Half orphan, mama never had an abortion
Papa sort of did, still I managed to live
I go hard, I owe it all to the crib
Now please tell me, what the fuck's harder than this?




While I'm doin' my time due to circumstance
Cross that bridge, face the consequence
Once bid 10 now I paid my dues
Risk takers we break the rules
Get so dark, but I see good
Bed-Stuy stay high in my neck of the woods
Now, let it ring out, it's a warning
(Brooklyn) Let it be sworn in
Gotta make it stick workin' like we blue collar
Rip it to the core, underneath it all we harder
Right into the clip, bring it to the floor
One step, one step, give it up more
The road is rough and the street's a mess
Got big cash dreams and a sick death wish
Robbin' out the commercial stash
Kill the voice screamin' in my head


They can't keep a good man down
Always keep a smile when they want me to frowns
Keep the vibes and they stood my grounds
They will never ever take my crown
Who Jah bless I say no man curse
Things gettin' better when they thought it would be worse
Here comes the officers askin' for a search
They found no weapon just only a draw of herbs


You in the presence of a king
Scratch that, you in the presence of a God
Put in the belly of the beast
I escaped, a nigga never had a job
Scott Boras, you over baby
Robinson Cano, you coming with me
These niggas like rotary phones
It's a new day, hit up KD
Niggas always try to knock a nigga down
Knock me to my knees about a million times
Uncle said I'll never sell a million records
I sold a million records like a million times
These niggas shouldn't let me in
I ball so hard on ESPN
See my name come across on CNN
'bout 6 minutes, you gonna see it again
'bout 6 minutes, you gonna see me again


Shit on me, these niggas tried to shit on me
I was left for dead, they tried to wipe me out of your history
Shit on me, these niggas tried to shit on me
I was left for dead, they tried to wipe me out of they history


If Fear is your only God
Get y'all to fear me is my only job
Crown, crown
Crown, crown


Bulletproof glass, glass roof like the Pope
Bulletproof love, niggas down since the yolk
Bitch asked if I was God, fuck I'm supposed to say no?
You already seen me turn a man to a G.O.A.T
You already know what I could do with the coke
Dropped it in the water, made it disappear
I made it reappear, I had that bitch on a rope
I make my roof get ghost, bottom grill, I make my tooth get gold
All the shit I did, I wasn't supposed to live, Hallelujah Hov
Wasn't for the 'caine wouldn't be able
Wasn't for the bread, probably be dead
Best friends become ya enemies, niggas' knives are double-edged




The only thing I'm seein' I'd like to put an amend on, perhaps a little more room here for the fixins, you know what I'm talkin' about? Oh, we gon' have a lot of fixins? We gonna have so many fuckin' fixins up in this motherfucker, this shit gon' go through the roof. Oh God damn I'm shittin' gold these days


We made it
We made it


The devil, the haters, the bloggers
The papers, the labels, they labeled me
But they can't relate to our struggle, my nigga
We came up from slavery
Apologies go out to all of my fans cause they waited so patiently
This one is for all of the lost and forgotten black angels that prayed for me
A milli, a milli, niggas love me cause I'm ill
The greatest story ever told, niggas in the field
From Solomon to Sambo to Django, it's fact
I'm the Farrakhan of rap and I get it from the wheel
The son of WD, who hung around in the D
Who ran around in the three
The trap gods raised me
Face all on the Sphinx
Story all in the wall of the pyramids
Niggas know the Black God saved me
You can blow the nose off, that won't change it
Obamacare won't heal all that anguish
We came a long way from the bottom of the boat
All praise to the Mahdi, we found our language
Gold necklace, middle finger erected
God tribe of Shabazz stylin' on the record
Lost sons of Muhammad, we wildin' in the wreckage
Asha du illah illaha is the message
All these niggas, I got to fight one
All these devils, I got to strike some
All these rebels just waitin' on the war cry
Mama said: "son, you got to strike drum"
Roc Nation, celebration
Motivation, elevation
Nigga we made it from slaves on a slaveship
Live from the cotton fields, straight to the spaceship


Kinda makes me wonder why the hell so many people are tryna tell me to slow down. Seems like motherfuckers should be shuttin' the hell up and enjoyin' the show


Hop off the slave ship
Popped off my chain and took it to Jacob, I got it gold plated
Walked in that bitch like "Nigga we made it!"
I own my own masters
You know I ain't missin' no royalty statements
I can't be rated (God, God), damn Hov stunt on them haters
Sorry Mrs. Drizzy for so much art talk
Silly me rappin' 'bout shit that I really bought
While these rappers rap about guns they ain't shot
And a bunch of other silly shit that they ain't got
I'm on my Lupita Nyong'o
Stuntin' on stage, after 12 Years A Slave
This Ace of Spades look like an Oscar
Black tux, look like a mobster
Don't make me RRRRAA yah, nigga watch your tone
I come to court with black boxers on
Y'all hella jealous of my melatonin
I could black out at any given moment
I'm God, G is the seventh letter made
So when my arms & feet shackled I still get paid
All praises due
I'm ready to chase the Yakub back into caves
These are the last days, but do I seem fazed?
Showed up to the last supper in some brand new J's
I'm the true and livin', book of Hov
New religion, 8th wonder of the world, alien, superstition
You're blind, baby
Blind to the fact of who you are maybe
My bloodline's crazy
Kings and queens and Michael Jordan rings
I go stupido, sucio
The flow is filthy, y'all can't kill me
I've been inoculated from the snakes and the fakes
The corny handshakes, cock sucker we made itPART 1: Dresser


.454, I pull up on niggas, I tell 'em lets get it
Niggas they talkin' on Twitter, you niggas you know you gon get it
Benjamin Franklin, niggas know that I keep it 100
Got me a new clip for my .223 and that bitch hold a hundred
I'm still in the hood, I got me a check and I don't want no Nike's
Bitches, they suckin', and fuckin', they do everything except bite it
I can go slow like an old man, I can go fast like I got nitrous
Spent 20 racks for my brother's appeal and I ain't talkin' no Vicodin
Over 1 mil in this room, bitch, I kinda sound like a Pisces
Lil bitch you know I'm the bomb and 2 Chainz the light, no lightnin'
Wow, these bitches excited, me and Thugger, we 'bout to start up a riot
I ain't got no pussy all week, I'm on that "bitch, suck my dick" diet


Monica, come home to me, yea come home to me my dear
Make a little money, leave a little on the dresser
Make a little money, leave a little on the dresser
Teresea, I'm tired of lookin' bae, I'm into you, your rear
Make a little money, leave a little on the dresser
Make a little money, leave a little on the dresser


Ain't nothin' special man, I sold it all yester'
Pull in Phipps Plaza in a motherfuckin' Tesla
Ain't no pressure when you got a little extra
Put them beams on your face, have 'em lookin' like freckles
Dammit man, I do not know Tar but I'm  having Xan's
My bitch pussy wet like it's wetting rain
This bitch clap on me while I clap at mans, woah
Got Balenciaga's I ain't even wore yet
Half a pound of gas I ain't smoke yet
Traphouse filled up with Ziploc
Used to give my living room super big lots
In a strip club with some flip-flops
Thought it's the time, baby it's not
Got a lotta windows on my crib, nigga
Bout to put that motherfucker in a tint shop


PART 2: Lil Boy


Who killed little boy, who killed little boy?
Rat infested hallways, no escape, no escape
From misery, no way out from that hell


I'm bout to give these niggas what they ask for
I used to have to argue with my land lord
Yea, my nickname is Tity Boi
Bitch gotta have at least a handful
All my cribs came with a damn pool
Used to stash work in my camel
Young 6'5" with the handle
If you don't watch Atlanta then you need to turn the channel
See I pull up in this bitch in a Phantom
Front grill looking like it's dancin' (it is)
Put some stacks on your head little boy (lil boy)
Yeah they 'bout to call you the grandson (lil boy)
Pussy nigga gonna need a tampon (lil boy)
Put rifle bullets in a handgun (lil boy)
Keep a bankroll on me, nigga
By the time I eat some bacon I got bands on
All my cars I done put rims on 'em
I done touched down, no end zone
All that bitch do is run her mouth, nigga
On the right but that bitch got a Sprint phone (hello?)
Man she got about 100 acres
Enough yard for me to put a couple Benz's on
And I just pop me a perc
I might fuck that bitch with my Timbs on
(Truuuuuu)


Yeah birthday, it's your birthday
If I die bury me inside that Louis store


They ask me what I do and who I do it for
And how I come up with this shit up in the studio
All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho
All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho
When I die, bury me inside the Gucci store
When I die, bury me inside the Louis store
All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho
All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho


She got a big booty so I call her Big Booty
Scrr..Scrr.. wrists moving, cooking, getting to it
I'm in the kitchen, yams everywhere
Just made a juug, I got bands everywhere
You the realest nigga breathing if I hold my breath
Referee, with the whistle, brrrrrt, hold his tech
Extendo clip, extendo roll
When your girl leave me she need a hair salon
Hair weave killer going on a trapathon
See I done had more bombs than Pakistan
Dope bomb, dro bomb, and a pill bomb
See nigga, I'm balling, you in will call
When I die, bury me inside the jewelry store
When I die, bury me inside the Truey store
True to my religion, two everything I'm too different
So when I die, bury me next to two bitches




Ah, Yeezy Yeezy how you do it huh
It's my birthday, I deserve to be greedy huh
She holding out, she ain't giving to the needy huh
You go downstairs and fall asleep with the TV on
Ya'll been together ten years, you deserve a ménage
Especially if you put that BMW in the garage
Especially if you paid a couple payments on her Mamma crib
Went to her niece's graduation, man I hate those kids
Last birthday she got you a new sweater
Put it on, give her a kiss, and tell her do better
She said how bout I get you jewelry from the West End
How bout she hit the Westin and get her best friend
I'm joking, I'm just serious, I asked her
Don't be acting like no actress, if we preaching then we practice
Don't be reaching, don't be touching shit
We in Kanye West's Benz
Cause I will turn you back to a pedestrian




It's your birthday, it's your birthday
Bad bitch contest, you in first place
You in first place, you in first place
Bad bitch contest, you in first place
I show up with a check to your work place
(Then hand the valet the keys to the Merces)
Tell the DJ play your song, this shit come on
(What I'm seeing from the back I can't front on)
They ask me what I do and who I do it for
When I die, bury me inside the booty club
Get it girl, get it girl, get it get it girl
I might switch it up and get your girl




Deuce and Ye
We like Snoop and Dre
Isn't this your birthday, baby
You deserve a coupe today
(You in first place, you in first place)
(Bad bitch contest you in first place)
I am smoking on that gas, life should be on Cinemax
Movie, bought my boo bigger tits and a bigger ass
Who he’s, not I, I smoke strong, that Popeye
Louie V’s in my archives, black diamonds, apartheid
Bread up and my top down, on the block with a block out
Hit ya ass with that block-ow, dope enough to go in yo nostrils
I take ya girl and kidnap her, feed her to my mattress
A skeleton in my closet, it's probably one of these dead ass rappers
It's probably one these pussy ass niggas, don’t try me I’ll pull that trigga
Got ya car note in my cup, and your rent in my swisha
That pussy so good I miss you, head game’s so vicious
And all I get is cheese like I’m taking pictures


I say fuck you, less I’m with you
If I take you out of the picture
I know real niggas won't miss you
No lie, no lie, no lie-ee-i-ee-i
No lie, no lie, no lie-ee-i-ee-i
Real niggas say word
You ain't never told no lie
You ain't never told no lie
Real niggas say word
You ain't never told no lie
You ain't never told no lie
Real niggas say true
You ain't never told no lie
You ain't never told no lie
That's a thing I don’t do
Nah I just do it for the niggas
That are tryna see a million fore they die
Wattup


2 Chainz and Champagne, you want true, that’s true enough
Forbes list like every year, my office is my tour bus
She came through, she brought food
She got fucked, she knew whassup
She think I’m the realest out
And I say damn that makes two of us
Aww that look like what’s her name, chances are it’s whats her name
Chances are if she was acting up then I fucked her once and never fucked again
She could have a Grammy, I still treat her ass like a nominee
Just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me
Young as an intern, but money like I built the shit
Streets talking they'll confirm
Go ask them who just killed the shit
Stay keeping my cup full
So I’m extra charged like a state tax
Me and Chainz go way back
We don’t talk shit, we just state facts
Yes, Lord




Name a nigga that want some
I’ll out rap his ass, out trap his ass
Put his ass in a plastic bag with his trashy ass
Take him out, bring em in, them whole things
2Pac without a nose ring
Thug Life, one wife, a mistress and a girlfriend
I did what they say I wouldn’t
Went where they say I couldn’t (tru)
YSL belt buckle, ya’ll niggas sure is looking
Ya’ll niggas sure is lucky, two chains on my rugby
Left hand on that steering wheel, right hand on that pussy!


Money's the motivation, money's the conversation
You on vacation, We gettin paid so
We on paycation, I did it for the fam
It's whatever we had to do, it's just who I am
Yeah, it's the life I chose
Gunshots in the dark, one eye closed
And we got it cooking like a one-eyed stove
You can catch me kissing my girl with both eyes closed
Perfecting my passion, thanks for asking
Couldn't slow down so we had to crash it
You used plastic, we 'bout cash
I see some people ahead that we gon' pass


I never feared death or dying
I only fear never trying
I am whatever I am
Only God can judge me, now I'm


One shot, everything rides on tonight
Even if I've got three strikes
I'mma go for it
This moment, we own it
And I'm not to be played with
Because it can get dangerous
See these people I ride with
This moment, we own it


And the same ones that I ride with
Be the same ones that I die with
Put it all out on the line with
If you looking for me you can find Wiz
In the new car or in the crown with
My new broad, thats a fine chick
And the wonder squad, I'm down with
Ain't no way around it
What you say, tell me what you say
Working hard, reppin for my dogs, do this every day
Takin' off, looking out for all, makin sure we ball
Like the mob all you do is call
Catch you if you fall, Young Khalifa

 + 


(I ride or die for love)
This the biggest day of my life
We got big guns, been graduated from knives
It's the day in the life and I'm ready to ride
Got the spirit, I'm feelin like a killer inside
Financial outbreak, I'm free but I ain't out yet
Ridin with the plug so I'm close to the outlet
At the red light, rims sittin off set
I look better on your girl than her outfit


Stuck to the plan, always think that we would stand up, never ran
We the fam and loyalty never change up
Been down since day one, look at where we came from
Jumpin out on anybody who try to say some one thing about it
Got a problem, I got the same one
Money rolls, we fold
Plently clubs we closed
Follow the same code
Never turn our backs, our cars dont even lose control




I ride or die for mine
I’m ride or die material
Only one life to live, so here we go
(This moment, we own it)
Mustard on the beat, ho!
I'm different, yeah I'm different
I'm different, yeah I'm different
I'm different, yeah I'm different
Pull up to the scene with my ceiling missing
Pull up to the scene with my ceiling missing
Pull up to the scene with my ceiling missing
Pull up to the scene with my ceiling missing
Middle finger up to my competition
I'm different, yeah I'm different
I'm different, yeah I'm different
I'm different, yeah I'm different
Pull up to the scene with my ceiling missing


Pull up to the scene, but my roof gone
When I leave the scene, bet your boo gone
And I beat the pussy like a new song
2 Chainz but I got me a few on
Everything hot, skip lukewarm
Tell shawty to bust it open, Uncle Luke on
Got the present for the present and a gift wrapping
I don't feel good, but my trigger happy
But the stripper happy, but they wish they had me
And I wish a nigga would, like a kitchen cabinet
And me and you are cut from a different fabric
I fucked her so good it's a bad habit
Bitch sit down, you got a bad atti'
Gave her the wrong number and a bad addy
You ain't going nowhere like a bad navi
Ass so big, I told her to look back at it
Look back it, look back it
Then put a fat rabbit on the Craftmatic
I am so high...attic
I am so high like an...addict




2 Chainz got your girl on the celly
And when I get off the celly
I made her meet at the telly
When she meet at the telly
I put it straight in her belly
When it go in the belly, it ain't shit you can tell me
Hair long, money long
Me and broke niggas we don't get along
Hair long, money long
Me and broke niggas we don't get along
I paid a thousand dollars for my sneakers
Ye told ya, a 100k for a feature
Eee-err Eee-err, sound of the bed
Beat it up, beat it up, then I get some head
Well I might get some head, then I beat it up
I don't give a fuck, switch it up, nigga live it up
Yeah it's going down, so get up
Might valet park a Brinks truck


Mama, MAMA!
(Wha, What!)
You get that money out my pants last night?
(Boy! Naw I ain't get no money out yo pants! And quit yellin' at me!!)
Ain't nobody hollin' at you!

I had a dream that rap wouldn't work
I woke up on the block, had to hit it with the fork
Skrrr, skrrr, skrrr, skrrr, skrrr: hit it with the fork
Skrrr, skrrr, skrrr, skrrr, skrrr: hit it with the fork
Rap don't work, records ain't bein' sold
So much money on me, it won't even fold (x5)


I got Medusa on my sneakers
My dick up like "nice to meet ya"
100K for a feature, hundred K's at my leisure
Then we aim at your people
I be higher than a eagle
When I'm sipping on that codeine
Free my nigga Sigel
Ridin' on a jet, headin' to that Costa
Soon as I land I be in that Testarossa
If I die tonight, you gon' see some flexin' ghostas
I'm the man in my city, same thing in South Dakota
Man I'm running up that check, show you how I do it
I drink red bitches, I don't drink Red Bulls
Man they tried to give me wings, but I already had some
I'm all that and then some, my trap house is my income
And it's booming


I had a dream, rap wouldn't work
Woke up on the block, hit it with the fork
Skrrr, skrrr, skrrr: hit it with the fork
Skrrr, skrrr, skrrr: hit it with the fork
Rap don't work, records ain't bein' sold
So much money on me, it won't even fold (x3)


2 Chainz!
I'm ballin' like Mr. Clean
I gotta keep my kitchen clean
God bless me like I'm finna sneeze
Doctor weigh me on a triple beam
D-boy in parenthesis
All gold in my amenities
2 Chainz, two pinky rings
My trigger finger's like a lemon squeeze (Baow!)
Climax! Make your main ho my side-chick
I'm so high, your whore get hijacked
And my vision is Pyrex
I do it big like a 5X
Killed they ass with the eyepatch
I got bad bitches on my side
I done fucked around and got sidetracked
My first night, I spent five stacks
Next night I forgot to count
I'm so hot; who gon' put the fire out?
I'm the fireman, I put fire out
Got a pole in my basement
Tipped your girl like Maliah now
Ridin' on these motherfucka's until they blow my tires out, uh


My wrist deserve a shout-out, I'm like "What up, wrist?"
My stove deserve a shout-out, I'm like "What up, stove?"
All this jewelry on then I'm out cold
So much money on me, it won't even fold!


I keep my hoes in check, you buy Nike for yours
Say they want that loud, I'mma bring that noise
Check my watch on a flight, yeah, I call that airtime
Murk 'em in the middle of the street, that gon' be his deadline
Yeah, you gon' respect mine, got a body on my Tec-9
Say you nobody 'till somebody gon' body you, flatline
Pocket full of dead guys and you know I'm anti
Anti-social, anti-lame, but ain't I cool nigga, ain't I?
You looking at a star that's spaced out
Trying to take my style then take off
I go to work with no days off, everything all paid off
Shawty pussy hair shaved off and she did it just for me, nigga
Would skip you like a spacebar, but I much rather delete niggas


I been getting money, where the fuck you been? (x4)
Bought a new crib just to fuck you in (x3)
I been getting to the money, where the fuck you been?


Gucci hat (Gucci hat), Gucci belt
If you wrote a autobiography, you'd have to sue yourself
Yo' lying ass, codeine in my wine glass
I know you had a wild past, I ain't fucked you in a while with yo' wild ass
I get high and I fly past, I don't know nothing 'bout iChat
I'm working this iPhone, they need an app called iTrap
I trap, shining like a night lamp
I just hit my girlfriend and asked her where her wife at
White cup, white hat, laying on a white couch
Got that presidential in a residential white house
Nigga saying "who?" (who) like a white owl
You can see me shinin' (shinin') with the light out, come on




Turn five to a ten to a twenty to fifty
To hundred, my niggas get money, I want it
Ride through the city, my niggas got choppers
My bitch, she's so pretty, that's my Pocahontas
Everything on me, I shine like a trophy
Run up a check while they watch out for police
Versace my pinky, a brick on my Rollie
That Cali Ferrari, I'm feeling like Kobe
T-R-U, that's to the death of me, nigga
Killers on the right and left of me, nigga
My destiny, nigga, to get all this money
I can't, I can't share that whole recipe with ya
My nigga told me "Get 'em, get it?" I got 'em
Stand on that couch and just drink out the bottle
That .40 got hollows, that bitch, she gon' swallow
Get to that money, I'm King of Chicago
Bought a new crib just to fuck you in
Bought that Benz just to fuck your friends
Giuseppe's 900 with the gold bars
Everything about me raw like a dope charge


Hey Jack, start that beat from the ti'nop
Yeah, Based on a T.R.U. Story, uh started from the trap now I rap (yeah) no matter where im at I got crack (crack)


Started from the trap, now I rap
No matter where I'm at, I got crack
2x

I got cr'nack, yeah, I got cr'nack
Got that cr'nack, yeah, I got cr'nack
Started from the trap, now I rap
No matter where I'm at, I got crack


Standing on them blocks, selling hi'nard
I be going dumb, I be going retard
With no regard for no br'noad
Pi'nark my car, bitch I'm from Collipi'nark
Southside, outside, and I'm ridin' round, I get it
And I look around, they took my style
Like mothafucka you trippin'
Let me slow it down 'fore I get a ticket
Nigga want a verse from me, it's gon' cost a chicken
Rearview mirror, shakin like a stripper ho
Car so big it got a stripper pole
I'm balling, ballin like a give and g'no
All I talk is crack, I can get the rico




Shawty got some real good P'nuss
If that shit stink, then she need to di'nush
No I'm not a killer but no p'nush
Get fucked, get slugged, bet you won't even get up
This us, 2 guns in my Adidas
I'm from the A, you a C+
You niggas can't even see us
Ear muffs from Neiman...Marcus
I'm like c'mon let's start this
Keep it real my deparment
Versace my garment, yeah
I don't give a fi'nuck
I don't give a fi'nuck
Make her suck my di'nick, till that bitch hiccup
And when she call my phi'none, I won't even pick up




Thousand eight grams in my b'nag
I be making jewels, work be moving f'nast
And you need to mind your fucking bi'naz
Get cash, get it fast, this a paper ti'nag
New car, you are not me forget it!
I got more hoes than four hoes
I had a foursome for Christmas!
Let me turn it down my baby mama listening
Extra garlic butter I got Benihana issues
Trigga finger itchin' like it's poison ivy
Going so hard Viagra trying to sign me
I might get an endorsement from baking soda
Catch me cooking crack trying to make a Rollie!



Crack (x38)

All I talk is crack, I can get the RICO!
Girl, I'm just a bird
Don't make me make you fall in love
Don't make me make you fall in love with a nigga like me, like me
Girl, I'm just a bird
Don't make me make you fall in love
Don't make me make you fall in love with a nigga like me, like me
Girl, I'm just a bird
I'm just another bird
Don't make me make you fall in love with a nigga like me, like me


Yah, uh, 2 Chainz~!
They ain’t never seen a nigga like me (uh), she ain't never seen a nigga like me (uh)
Chance of that is unlikely; 2 Chainz in my white T
I wipe her down and I pipe her down, I give my girl money to go out of town
You give your girl money to go to Niketown and I one-night her, you must like her
Kill niggas with one-liners, all I need is one lighter
Counting so much money (so much money), I got arthritis
So cold I frostbite 'em, no Pig Latin but I hog-tied 'em
If she gets this business then I {make her fall in love}
With a nigga like me I’m killing this beat - skeet, skeet, skeet, skeet, skeet on my sheets
On top, from the back, I thundercat like (HOE!)
My girl got a big purse with a purse in it
And her pussy so clean I can go to church in it!
Oh Lord, O-M-G, I am the O-N-E
How ya like me now, it’s cool but she want Mo D
Moet by the fireplace, this is how desire taste
And I’m bout to buy a case (Le'go)




Tru, uh.. YEEEAAAHH...
Bon apetite, they obsolete, you know talk I cheap so don’t say a word
Chick, chick, chicken talk, I’m flipping birds, fuck y'all
Mustard, ketchup, I take pills, expert
Kitchen all pyrexed up, if my dick talked it’d say "next up" (dang)
Me and yo girl networked, now she wanna know my net worth
Wood grain, chestnut, titty fuck, chest nut! (yah)
Move shit, UPS truck, pull a lil' out n out the rest up
Competition need to rest up {make her fall in love}
I aim at ya head, put the vest up, matter fact put the vest up!
This shit I’m shootin is penetrating (bow), you don’t want this situation
Tall nigga with a short temper, I do this for niggas who never had shit
And now I got me a bad bitch, who got a bad bitch, who got a bad bitch (Tru)
TRU story, high like 2 stories, 2 Chainz and Tity Boi
Nigga that’s 2 stories, who want it?
Hair weave killa, they like "you don’t want it"
I go swimming in that pussy, 'bout to throw a pool party


Tomorrow, tomorrow
Tomorrow, tomorrow
Ain't no such thing as tomorrow
The way we living today


Dreads hang on designer everything
Mr. Comme des Garçons, Mr. Alexander Wang
Mr. Chain, pinky ring, flow insane, ho insane
Man, these shoes I got on, these the hardest I've done seen
It look clean when you pour it; I remix it make it dirty
If she got good head and text me I text back and tell her "hurry"
This that category 5 when I walk up in the strip club
Throw it high, make you and George Washington head butt
OG's never fed us, now young niggas fed up
Ballin' so hard I deserve a and one
Baking soda marketing, I'm getting it ain't I? Obviously
You a bitch, you a ho, that's just my philosophy
And I'm known to kick it like the captain of a soccer team
Billie Jean red leather same color Red Lobster
And she brain wash ya -- head doctor
I'mma be fresh as hell if the Feds watching


I'mma be fresh as hell if the Feds watching
I'mma be fresh as hell if the Feds watching
I'mma be fresh as hell if the Feds watching
Drop top, head bopping


Grams to Grammys, two guns Yosemite
Niggas put their Glock on your ass, fuck that Heather B
Pumping that amphetamine, all this D I'm peddling
I be somewhere settling, somewhere that you have never been
To the top you never been, you might need a respirator
Money on the rise like I'm counting on an elevator
You gon' need a detonator swimming with them barracudas
Close the docket on that ma'fucka prosecutor
This Armani, this Givenchy, I parachute you
I'm so fly I jumped out the air wearing Gucci (Tell 'em!)
I'm raw, talking California Rolls
Smoking California weed with California hoes (Truu!)
Sending flicks to my partners in the state pen
I just got some pants made out of snake skin
See them shades you got on called Ray-Bans
And the shades I got on cost eight bands (damn)




I still fuck 'em like I used to
I need to put that shit on YouTube
Cause you know we got that dancefloor crazy
Single ladies come and have my baby
I still fuck 'em like I used too
I need to put that shit on YouTube
Cause you know we got that dancefloor crazy
Hey, my nigga, come and grab your lady


Yeah, I'm the nigga, yeah, don't forget it, yeah
Gold Nefertiti , yeah, Lamborghini, yeah
Man in my city, yeah, they call me Tity, yeah
Bad bitch with me, yeah, she's sidity, yeah
Got her hair fixed, yeah, kinda thick, yeah
Shawty known to strip, yeah, for the rent, yeah
Tryna do a split, yeah, oh shit, yeah
Can you do a split, yeah? On a dick, yeah?
You can’t do it with a dick in you
You can’t do it like that with a dick in you, uh
You can't do it with a dick in you
You can’t do it like that with a dick in you, bitch!




Watch how I grab her, yeah, I'mma stab her, yeah
Put it in her bladder, yeah, don't compare me, yeah
Flyin' out to Cali, yeah, in my Ballys, yeah
We go to Miami, yeah, that my family, yeah
ATL my hood, yeah, understood, yeah
Shout out to New Orleans, yeah, it's all good, yeah
Watch how I do, yeah, I'm a fool, yeah
Shawty want that wood, yeah,that pussy good, yeah
Let me see you twerk it, let me see if you can twerk it
Let me see you twerk it, let me see if you can twerk it
Let me see you twerk it, let me see if you can twerk it
Let me see you twerk it, let me see if you can twerk it, bitch!




Get low like this
Get low like this
Up, do it, up, shake it
Wipe, down, outfit
I get money like I used to
Chains on, I use two
Guns on me like I used to
I'll fuck ya ass on YouTube (a million views!)


>What is it?
>Freebase
>What's free about it?

I thought if I said now, “Listen"
"Should I talk about freebase and what it"--or somethin?
And people say, "Well, no, because, then people will start doin' it"
No, let me--I gotta talk about what happened to me


See where we're from, it's all or nothing
But we take penitentiary chances like it's nothing
We came from nothing, from nothing
Freebase on top of the oven, get money my type of discussion
Ya'll could do this shit for free, a nigga like me gon' be hustlin'
Freebase (x9)


I came from nothing
Me and my niggas, we came from nothing, sold that caine like it’s nothing
Told you from the introduction I came from the pain and suffering
Two pit bulls and a TEC-9, TEC-9 use to jam up on me all the time
Swear to god if you come up in my mama yard
I’mma shoot that motherfucker till it get tired
Big dually truck got six tires, big ties when I rhyme mixtapes
And I keep shitting on the competition, I'm about to put out me out a shit tape
Guess we ain't playin' by no rules, every night I freestyle on Pro Tools
Tell Flex come to the A we'll carjack him by one of them regular ass old schools
I don't respect my elders, these right here Maison Margiela
I cannot get no earrings, it'll make my Rolex jealous
I been a felon since fifteen, my expedition had a big screen
Half you niggas was constipated, half you niggas wasn't shit then
Zone one all the way to zone six, fuck y'all, I'll buy my own shit
Fuck y'all, I'll buy my own whip, fuck y'all, I'll buy my own brick
Tell them pussy niggas that ain't pay shit "Better be ready to let the gat loose"
I done did a song with everybody from Jermaine Dupri down to Papoose


I came from nothing (x6)


Work hard, play hard, work hard again
My bankroll had twins, can you comprehend?
Seafood lover, I don't eat pork
Used to hit them J's like a 3-point, my partner mascot is a pitchfork
And you already know what this for - me too, rent due
Doggin' these hoes like a shih tzu so cold I recorded in a igloo
Nigga asked me why I don't drink, man, let me tell you what the wine do
My partner came in and said "This my girl", I had to tell that motherfucker "Mine too!"
Court dates in the summertime, might pull up in a vert
No matter what the charges is, I'mma pull off with a smirk
This right here for Old Nat, this right here for Godby Road
This right here for Riverdale, trappin' at the Stop-N-Go
Trappin' at the Texaco, it was Amaco before it was BP
My plug from Mexico, he fell out when he seen me on TV
Sold drugs to my loved ones and it's hard for me to admit it
The first time I've seen a crack pipe was in my parents' kitchen

When I woke up this morning
All I could think about was you
Cause when I went to sleep last night
All I could think about was you
Adam and Eve don't eat that fruit
'Best believe I'mma eat that Boo
Cause I'm the nigga that told them niggas
That told them niggas, 'Bout you
Chuck the deuce, while I'm ridin' through
Tityboi I might sign a boob
Your nigga hatin', tell your nigga that's hatin'
That if he gettin some paper I might sign him too
'Best believe I'm just slidin' through
Put your panties to the side let me slide through
I can see you niggas from a side view
I'm in and out the pussy, drive through
White coupe, with the white rims
I like to crank the top and let the light in
You know she dark skin her friend light skin
Put us together, and it's Ice cream
Sandwiches she can't manage it
I know her man Is sick, she can't handle it
She need some time alone I told her call my phone
And when she call my phone I didn't answer it


K.o
I'm gonna smoke till you niggas can't smoke no more
Roll till your bitches can't roll no more
K.o
I'm gonna blow till you niggas can't blow no more
Blow till your bitches can't blow no more
K.o


I was in Detroit, Michigan after going to go visiting with some friends of mine


B-I-G
Okay I'm in motion, I'm rollin' and smoking
And smoking and rollin' like I'm locomotion
I'm walking outside and I'm causing commotion
Got perp and champagne that's a real nigga potion
I'm burnin' bread toasin' and joking
Cause I went from views of my moms house to views of the ocean
Niggas talk shit, But that's free promotion
I'm living my life like the end is approaching
Man fuck these niggas with a passion
I'm gettin' paid from the cradle to the casket
My Grandma said boy you need to read a bible chapter
Till I bought her ass a house bigger than the Pastor's,Hallelujah
Your now fucking with a bad bitch connoisseur
My ex-girl said man the fame caught up to ya
Baby you don't still think about me, wet dream about me
I swear you use to couldn't wait to k.o


Blow till your bitches can't blow no more
Thank God for the first nigga started trapping
Thank God for the first nigga started rapping
Thank God for the first girl to start stripping
And I'mma have to keep it muhfucking real with 'em
I got a problem with these niggas
I got a problem with these bitches
Trigger finger keep itchin'
I pull it, I do it


Hang up on a bitch, call it crucified
Time to go to work, no suit and tie
Bumpin' Makaveli, I be trappin' out the telly
My nigga did a dime and he back already
Got that sack already, man we got them racks already
As far as your girl, I hit it from the back already
I tried to get a tan, but I'm black already
Your pockets on a diet, my pockets fat already
Three niggas with me, me myself and I
God don't like ugly, you should testify
My T-shirt come from Bergdorf
I make so much on a verse I take the third off
Bird call, swerve off
Bust a nut on her, tell her that's a load off
Shorty ass soft, like a Nerf ball
If you don't like what I'm doing, nigga, fuck y'all




Drank in my cup holder, hope this shit don't spill
Pull up in the new edition and that's word to Johnny Gill
How I come up with this shit and all these verses that I kill
I have no imagination, everything I do for real
Bitch I'm camouflage down put your camera phone down
If she got an ass and the girl a fan, it's going down
I'mma fuck you like I've been waiting a century for it
Give the pussy up and I'll trade you the memory for it
In the bedroom forever that's what her roommate will tell you
Man I just hear this shit and think about what Tunechi will tell you
He might call up Patricia, she 'bout to call up Melissa


Tell 'em come to the crib and do them both, double dribble
I'm colder than a hospital, she love the dick that I give her
Hit her from the front, back, side, twist her like cigarillos
I put the gun to the pillow, I don't want blood on my clothes
Gotta keep that Trukfit fresh, shoutout to all of my hoes
Tunechi...


That's just how my OG would sum it up
I been working all winter just to fuck the summer up
It's just me and 2 Chainz, but the chain's never tucked though
If you don't like what I'm doing, nigga fuck y'all




Well, if you know like I know that pussy pop like pyro
And she know I'm a pothead, that pussy like a pothole
I’m colder than the snot nose, man all these hoes is my hoes
If she bougie fuck her once then leave her hanging, dry clothes
I just built a cemetery, niggas dying to get in
Niggas lying, they pretend
Don’t cross that line its paper thin
High as a star, make a wish
I’m a shark, I ate the fish
I got no heart, I hate that bitch


You hate that bitch, well I hate that bitch
Will jump a nigga like a chessboard
Do a drive by while you’re riding on your skateboard
They ain't even know it
Have Drake sing a song just to get her pussy wet
Then I take her to the crib
Man fuck that bitch right on the step
Put it in and take it back out, then I back out
Hair weave killer known to snatch the fucking track out
Put me in the game coach, I'm the antidote
Pull up, kick, throw and take the money and the dope
True, 2 Chainz, I'm on a plane and a boat
I am so cold I need a cover and a coat
Kick it at the mall, call it football
If you don't like what I'm doing, nigga, fuck y'all


Y'all ready? 1, 2, 3
Right now it's me time
A little time for myself, me time
Oh yeah, right now it's me time
Don't want no one else now, me time
Bitch please don't call my phone, don't call my phone
Said I wanna be left alone, be left alone
Please, please don't stop by my home
No, no cause I feel it's just matter of time
Till you people make me lose my mind
I'm 'bout to leave this world behind
Right now it's me time
You need to go kick rocks now
Me time
Yuck Daddy
Yuck Daddy


Cut the top off, call it Amber Rose
Just bought a big body, time to paint the toes
Known to act a donkey on the camel-toe
Then take the camel-toe and turn it into casserole
2 Chainz talking on the FLX phone
Poof, just like that the whole check gone
Former Posturepedic I was slept on
So many chains on it look like my neck gone
My girl came through and brought an extra body
Now that's an after party for the after party
Two-gun gang, all-black Ferrari
His and her Armani, put it in her tummy
And yeah, the bread good if the head good
Before Benihana's it was canned goods
Before canned goods it was Similac
I'm from where they send shots then we send em back
A half a million dollars worth of crack money
Wrap your parents up, now you got a black Mommy
Yeah I did it, true to my religion
Two guns on me, both with extensions
If you on the pole, play your position
I got enough dough to pay your tuition
Corduroy Trues, with the skull cap
I just woke up, tell me where the drugs at
And after the drugs, where the girls at
And after the girls, where the love at
And if it ain't no love, I'm like fuck that
Nigga I'm so dope, you could catch a fucking contact


Good weed, bad bitch
Got these hoes on my dick like Brad Pitt
Woah I seen it all before
The bitch gotta man but she scheming on the low
How it go, it go fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas
My homies got the blickers, automatics no clickers
Codeine, no liquor
Man life is a bitch, mine is a gold digger
I'm fucked, let's fuck
She said she on her period, I said yuck
I called another bopper, I beat it like a copper
Two big chains, one big chopper bitch


I got the chopper for the correspondents
The codine got me standing horizontal
I had enough of the broken promises
So I'm in a room full of Pocahontases
And this shit is off the meat rack
Weed sack, big car, laying with my seat back
We next, weed never left Holland, weed bag
All this ice on me and my niggas playing freeze tag
Lord forgive me, this my fourth foreign
If you baby daddy lame, you should forewarn him
I come through with the yapper on
Turn that nigga into hot bologna
I'm the type a nigga cop a Rolly, cop a Benz, cop a two
Then wear it all to Church, nigga Hallelu
Uh, I'm from the trap where the block'll pay you
Me and my nigga pass your ho like a hot potato
I be like you could get her
He be like you could get her
I be like you could have her
He be like you could have her
He be like it don't matter
I be like, me neither
Uh, my old school got twenty-sixes on it
And I got you girl kissing on me




Yuck Daddy, yuck
Yuck Daddy, yuck
Yuck-yuck-yuck Daddy
Two big chain, one big chopper
Two big chain, one big chopper
Two big chain, one big chopper
Two big chain, one big chopper, bitch
Let's play big bank take little bank
You are looking at a shark in a fish tank
When I'm in the kitchen, I make plenty cash
Tell shawty come here, she got plenty ass


Yeah, I love them strippers
Yeah, I love them strippers
Yeah, I love them strippers
Yeah, I love them strippers
In my foreign car, got the trunk by the engine
So when I back back, I'm fronting on you niggas


First I back back, Louie backpack
Where's Paris Hilton? Where's Kat Stacks?
I'm Rambo with this ammunition, my camo come from Tru Religion
Them broke hoes can't pay attention, your cutie missing, New Edition
Mr. Telephone man, there's something wrong with my line
When I call my baby's number, I get a click every time
Every line is dope, you can snort it
Working in the pot, I can make you do aerobics
I'm haterphobic, they mad cause I'm winning
They busy high and catching, mad cause I'm pinching
All my bitches different, all my diamonds glistening
My weed so loud, everybody listen
They say it's for the birds, so I bought a kilo
My Boost Mobile chirping, it must be my amigo




2 Chainz, you fucking crazy, motherfuckers know I'm fucking crazy
Fuck wrong with these bitches lately?
Bitches better get on they knees and praise me
Bitch, I rep that rich gang, Where's Stunna? Where's Wayne?
That's red on my wristband, SB, Mack Maine
Tell Tyga, lookin' for this bitch called Blac Chyna
Take a nigga bitch in a hot flash, menopause hot flash
Yes that's why I'm crowned queen, and I ain't lookin' for the prom king
These hoes' careers ain't promising, killing these bitches -- crime scene
Oooh that's how a bitch do it
Fifty black trucks gonna follow when I pull up
This shit hit you in the chin like a pull up
My door so cocky, my door so stuck up
Oooh hop up out the space car
Bitches stay pressed, I call them a space bar
Man I wish a bitch would, hundred-thousand dollar engine, I wish a bitch could




Wait I don't even think these niggas understood what the fuck I just said
I said, hundred-thousand dollar engine
I wish a bitch could, like the little engine that could
2 Chainz!


Im getting this nigga in the morning
He gon' think he been chiefing, just too long when
He see me in the evening, wanna catch all these feelings
Well let me be the first to get mine, Ohh!


Okay I’m chillin’ in my camo, flippin’ through the channel
On my GOOD Music shit, my logo’s a Lambo
Four doors of ammo, ammunition I’m pitching
To make your body switch another position
And listen, my weed loud, fuck her and speed off
Tell 'em I bare arms, I'm cuttin my sleeves off
Lettin' my tats show and I sag my pants
Im letting my ass show, I'm hot as tabasco
I study, Castro, yeah, my plug from Cuba
Inside of the car is like a damn computer
Inside of the crib is like a damn museum
You ain't seen these before, you better get 'em on film
Tryin to take these fat pockets, man your chances are slim
Disrespect, you stomp em out, man give em a Tim
You ain't did what I did, see I know I'mma win
And they dont have slow-motion so I did it again
Woah!




Okay I'm sittin' on the plane, flying over graves
I am so high, nigga I can talk to rain
My outfit's insane, ain't that evident?
My chain had another chain like it was pregnant
My favorite dish is turkey lasagna
Even my pajamas designer
She got a fat ass I make her rewind
Back seat so big I press recline
Got a dirty sprite in my cup holder
Rappers like road kill, they get run over
They get done over, it's just one solider
This flow will make you fall like its October
Me and your girl, nigga opposite of sober
Celine Paris chain charm look like a cobra
Young Casanova, Baby Romeo
I got my girl geeked, she look like she from Tokyo




Money machine at the bank, I just made me a deposit
Fucked that bitch right on the sink
Is it the pussy or is it the faucet?
I just left the hotel, never let ho in mi casa
All this designer shit it's like a crib in my closet
I got a crib in my closet, got a crib in my closet
Man, all this fuckin' gear it's like a crib in my closet
My Nike shoebox filled with rubber bands
That mean my Nike shoebox is my ATM
Fuck it, I said it, I'm winning, downsouth MC Ren
I might buy some Timbs, or peanut butter MCM
Raised down the street from a crack house
Pull her hair weave 'til the track out
Treat the rap game like a trap game
Tryna make a yellow ho tap out
I got Dolce, I ain't even worn yet, codeine ain't even po' yet
I could spend millions of dollars, and still won't even be poor yet
Yeah, I'm a motherfucking poet, riding now, motherfucker Ol'Nat
A nigga wearing a Versace shirt, man that's a motherfucking throwback


I got a crib in my closet, got a crib in my closet
All designer shit, I got a crib in my closet
I got a crib in my closet, got a crib in my closet
Man, all designer shit, I got a crib
All designer shit, all designer shit I got a crib
All designer shit, all designer shit I got a crib
All designer shit, all designer shit I got a crib in my closet
All designer shit, all designer shit, I got a crib in my closet, bitch


Since rappin' turn to fashion, I don't know what happen
Or mishappens, matching turned to swagging
He exposed the world to trappin'
Picture poles and tactics
Ho this that click click, finna' blow this backwards
Money, hoes and fabrics
Strolling past like ''fuck yo photo caption''
If ye ain't got it then you bragging, that's automatic
I see no need for me to Tweet, these bitches know my status
I'm the shit, all designer shit, got all kinds of shit
Got Prada around from 1999 and shit, bet you won't find the shit
I’m on my Anna shit, that’s Wintour
It’s dressed like it’s Met Ball
I’m in Vogue, this winter, the runway, no insta
Got a crib in my closet, Spanish chick in my casa
So much space in my closet, fit your crib in my closet




I got more sneakers than niggas, over 4000 pairs
Most all white like the Rhode Island mayor
Got a crib in my closet, hustle every day, nigga
If you on the work with them people I’m unavailable, nigga
You smell like pork in Mecca, Lord be my protector
Second row at the fight, bitch get on my level
Larry Merchant my nigga, I got Holyfield money
Finger your girl at Coachella, gotta roll in that for me
You should see me in Lennox, I shop ‘til I drop
Spent so much on the watch, had a seizure and shock
Wake up and ball, watch how I walk
Money all on my mind, call 'em lucrative thoughts


Last night I fucked a supermodel
Got head on the way home
She left her other friends at the club
Got home, and I fucked her with my J's on


And that's ratchet huh?
Her ass so big it look like she trying to walk backwards bruh
(Woah bring it back)


Take your bitch like I'm the dog catcher
Take your ass to the mall after
Spa day, shawty
Kill that pussy, pallbearer
You from that RuPaul era
I'm from that hell nah era
Real niggas say tru
Real niggas ain't you
I ride around with that yapper on me
Gun clad with my Glock up on me
Surround your ass with so many shots
You'll be claustrophobic
Crib so big a dinosaur can run through that shit
I'm a shark, and you a tuna fish
My paper up, got your girl with her ankles up
Gangster boy


She got her T-shirt and her panties on
She trying to smell my cologne
I can fuck her anywhere I want
I even fuck her on the floor




I'm on top like a toupée
You on the side like a toothache
Box your ass, suitcase
I'm real, you ain't
Calamari, crab cakes
My closet the size of your dad's place
You lookin' at a star
I wish that they could add space
I'm getting money, fast pace
My hoes gay and my cash straight
He can't ball, he castrate
She the opposite of last place
Do it, bust it open, slow it down, Robitussin
My girl got a big ass
Your girl got back pockets touching


I want it all, I want everything
Balls out, I let 'em hang
Window shopping for a wedding ring
Went on a double date with Molly and Mary Jane




If you pat your weave that's ratchet
My last album was classic
Shawty on my dica
Backwards spells acid
She pop a P like a zany
She'll use no hands and no panties
She rock like nose candy
You fuck with me, ain't no plan B
I'm a D boy with a degree
I sold dope in my momma's home
My girl pussy deep deep
So right there is my comfort zone
Born alone, die alone
Mud in my styrofoam
She got on top of me like a stage
I said use my dick as a microphone
Girl I'm on that clean shit, you already know
You ain't never seen this, I'm ready to go
I got em saying, I, I, I, I, I, I
I know I've been away
But I, I, I, I, I, I
I'm in your city today


I know you love me
And I know you're down
Cuz we always end up fucking Every time I'm in town
Every time I'm in town (Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh)
Every time I'm in town (Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh)


Baby I just landed, you gon pick me up
Heard you like to squirt, I might lick it up
Conspicuous, I speed it up
And I slow it down like I'm on Robitussin
I'm known for crushin', you're known for blushin'
Oh what was that
You blowing kisses, I throw em back, pull into that culdesac
Back then no chauffeur, back seat like a sofa
One leg on my shoulder, other leg and it's over




Met her once and you missed me, girl you crazy
No makeup on, you're still pretty lady
And you beautiful, inside and outside
I don't know if I should buy my wife a house, or make you my house wife
You call me, I come through
You pass out, I come too
Dippin it like fondue, spinach dip, cheese stick
Appetizers, entrees, it's you in that lingerie
As far as race, you're first place, I'm only in town for one day




Girl I'm on that clean shit, you already know
You ain't never seen this, I'm ready to go
I got em saying, I, I, I, I, I, I
I know I've been away
But I, I, I, I, I, I
I'm in your city today
No autotune was used in the making of this recording, thank you for listening"H-h-h-h-holy shhh..."


Slow down, grab the wall
Wiggle like you trying to make yo ass fall off
Hella thick I wanna smash 'em all
Now speed up, gas pedal (5x)
Now speed up, gas pedal (3x)


You already know me, S-A-G-E
Look, ugh
Black money let them all say amen
I'm just trying to make it clear boy Ray-Bans
I'm a great man, woah say a friend
I play a hole every night, DJ Amen
Room full of boppers, tell them give me topper
Beat it, beat it up, 9-1-1, hit the coppers
I'm S-A-G-E you would like to know
Fee-fi-fo-fum large meat in your throat
West-side baby do what you do
And you got tail, what that shit do?
It’s pretty nigga mob, that’s the way that I grew
I be steppin' up in the club they make 'em drop to my shoe
And her dude mad cause I spooned, but I don't give a fork
Silverware a nigga out if he actin' a poor sport
You's a dork grab a girl and get a yank-in'
Got a booty like Hoopz I'm trying to make-it, woah




She a trick for a dolla bill
And her boyfriend a bitch call him Tyler Perry
Eugh, I'm in the black bat lookin' scary
On my way to the cake no bake-ery
Oops, bakery, never been no fake in me
Lead her to the bathroom, she askin' where you takin' me
Uh, tell her slow down baby
I'm too turned up it's finna go down baby
When you hit the stage the people do a 180
When I hit the stage man the club oughta pay me
Uh, you niggas so fugazi
Uh, got a white bitch with me call that ho Slim Shady, uh
Nigga 'su so crazy
Got two hoes with me make my old bitch hate me, uh
All about my payment
You say we getting money that's an understatement uh




Lil' mama got sex appeal
I make her sing if she wanna get a record deal
What the shit do, it's finna get real
She got a booty so big it's like a ferris wheel
(x2)


All this money on me
Now come take it from a G
All she tryna do is get naked
Naked, naked, naked


And she gon' shake it, like a red nose
Li-li-li-li-like a red nose
And she gon' shake it, like a red nose
Like a, like a, like a red nose (x2)


That booty talkin' to me, what that shit say?
Shake it for the dojo I'm the sensei
When she wobble with my song on replay
Almost got her a house up off Kings Way
I told her shake it like a red-nose pitbull
And I'm-a keep throwin money 'til your bank full
Cake-cake-cake-cake, birthday suit
Damn in a little I'm-a forget your age soon
Whoa, OK, now let's do it my way
If she don't go crazy then she walkin' on the highway
And if she don't believe me tell that bitch just try me
Bet you she be shakin' from the club back to my place, whoa




I told her time to go to work, clock in
Go on open up, I'm a locksmith
West Side, tell them other people stop it
I'm fly, and that's why she headed to the cockpit
Black Money Sage, whoadie I'mma winner
I just play 'em like a game I don't press enter
I'm hella raw: listen to the way I did her
I was in her and her nigga was there makin' dinner
Uh, all this money start movin' and I'm-a throw it
She choosin' I got her lookin, hm is it ok?
Black Money we take 'em in and then quit it
We shake 'em and if she like me it's nothin, ok
Party hard, party hard with no party fouls
Couple girls in the back wit' some party mouths
Cave her back in, then turn the party out
Shake it like a red nose, time to let 'em out, whoa




All this money on me
All she tryna do is get naked, naked, naked, naked


(Ho-ho-ho-ho-holy shit)..


Uh, I got a bad girl let me bang like Kurt Co
Take 'em down, take 'em down to the first floor
Hoes waitin for a nigga on pluto
So why on earth would I be waitin' on you for?
I got a bad girl like everyday
Night time, mouth look like a sunny day
I'm in a new whip switchin' every other lane
While you walkin down the street switchin every other way
'Tryna find a nigga
But I better drive past you was raw out
Talkin' 'bout 'How long did it last?'
They want it bad and you know it don't you
But you know I got cash to put on it don't you -
Bitch


"Yeah you're bad and you know it don't you
She always say 'Boy you know I don't want you' (want you)
You're bad and you know it don't you
Now you're single and you're bad and you know it, don't you
But it's good
You're bad and you know it don't you, (woah, woah, woah)
She always say 'Boy you know I don't want you' (want you)
You're bad and you know it don't you
Now you're single and you're bad and you know it, don't you
But it's good."


Umm
I'm 'bout to do me some bad girls heavy man
Still 'tryna get a girl from the seventh grade
It's like 'Damn why you teasin' me?'
Nice shape, and her face is Alicia Keys - yikes!
But I ain't trippin', there's bigger fishes to reel in
Relationships, but when does the 'real' come in?
Sleepin' on me like when does the pill kick in?
Been thuggin and it's over like Dave's shit, man
I been 'tryna make it better for your life
And you know I'm 'finna ask you out for dinner tonight
You lay back and enjoy it, don't you
But you know I got racks to put on it, don't you -
Bitch



"Yeah you're bad and you know it don't you
She always say 'Boy you know I don't want you' (want you)
You're bad and you know it don't you
Now you're single and you're bad and you know it, don't you
But it's good
You're bad and you know it don't you
She always say 'Boy you know I don't want you' (want you)
You're bad and you know it don't you
Now you're single and you're bad and you know it, don't you
But it's good."


But it's good
Excuse me? I know you don't care
But I saw you from across the room
And I just wanna say I like your hair
Maybe some time we can
Go somewhere? Hey. (x8)


Yeah, excuse my manners
I just wanna, I just wanna do it on camera
Where you wanna go baby we could go anywhere?
And if I already landed then I'm gonna send you there
I got a pocket that has nothing but some Benjamins
You so sweet you should change your name to Cinnamon
I be making dividends in hella different states
These niggas out of line Imma put them in place
Real good organization
Heartbreak gang we are more than a nation
Aborting these babies, I ain't feeling these Niggas
Lick their bitch like a letter and them im sending these niggas fates



Go go somewhere tear down the wall
Got the number for your drawers making bootycalls
Girl I'm just playing
Gotta get like Jeff and get married I'm just saying, yeah
Money to the max just went up the bank
Got me in the clouds just without the plane
Imagine us living life out in maine
HBK gang yeah we here to stay
A real one need a real one
Chasing you girl thats a real run
With me you gonna have some good times
So if you lose him no I ain't a re-run




Hating ass niggas got plenty
Im the shit first name ain't Winnie, yup
Big ass niggas from The City
Trying to say it with your chest but bitch you got titties
Got your girlfriend face down ass up
See the diamonds its a problem got bad luck
Call a nigga late night saying bad stuff
I hit it from the back bruh tell her to back it up
I get money and bitches, shout out to Fat Veezy broke
Broke bitches act up I turn Chris Breezy
Its like yeeee ho swerve you do not please me
You niggas hella weak yeah I know you see me


All up in my face ho, a young nigga about to go catch a case ho
I'm the man where I'm from, thought you heard
You a bird whats the word
You a nerd I don't care, say swerve
My name they speak on (say swerve) they mad cause we on (say swerve) x2


You can't even have a girl ho starting rumors
But it ain't nothing to a star bitch I'm Carl's Jr
Light a L I ain't talking loser
I be balling swiss cheese yeah Carlos Boozer
I be gassing huh thats what your momma said
Great minds think alike I love your momma head
Red bone in the bed, bob sled down the bombaclot the neighbors hate the head board cause it bump alot you
A hating ass nigga you sit at home alot
Trying to watch a nigga twitter see what im all about ewww
I just love money and booty your girlfriend giving it to me




Tell 'em drop, drop, drop, drop
Drop, drop, drop
Dr-drop 'em
Drop, drop, drop, drop
Drop, drop, drop
Dr-drop 'em, see

I can see the college niggas stepping to this
I can see the college girls stepping to this
(x2)


She came through stunting, red-hair ruckus
And she don't do the black, I thank her Uncle Ruckus
She got hella back and she don't get her friend
She love attention, thirsty niggas always in the sun
She hold up that sign to let a nigga know
She don't do broke -- rich niggas, new coach
She just make a phone call and get some new dough
(BRRR-BRRR)
Bitch nigga, that's new clothes!
Sneak in a girl dorm, hide in her clothes
She from the step team, you know I'm into those
Workout booty, yeah, there ain't nothing silicone
Give her the vitamins, but she don't get minerals
All my niggas stepping, repping fraternities
All my girls stepping, repping sororities
Tell that girl you don't rep more than me
Tell that nigga you don't rep more than me!




(BEH BEH BEH)
Beat it like the drummer, man
West Side, The $hmop, where's the turn-up, man?
Pulled her to the party, got her quaking on me
$hmop Boy, bitch, I'm into money-makin'
And I need a gold trophy, however you playing this
Nigga, I ain't the fakin' bitch
Keep my chain, swing a bitch
You ain't tryna bone, you in the friend zone
I'mma get gone, skrrt, and move yo ass along, uh
And my people here, escort me to the front
Security ain't gon' do shit when I light my blunt
I be sipping bubbly, yeah
All these bitches love me, yeah
I hit it from the back, give her booty chubby
And it's c'mon, boo, you gotta suck before you fuck me, yeah
I'm a star, bitch
You lucky if you fuck me
If this one 7-inch nigga would be groovy, bitch
Get wang, girl, see if you with the boosie shit


I walk in this bitch looking just like a bag of money
I be speaking, the girls be screaming they fiending for me
But really it just be my money
Uh, pull up, I'll be dressing,y'all be stressing
Cause you know that I'm the bomb, armageddon
Watch me, girl!
See, I don't your bitch, boy, she got my bitch
She choke more than a cinnamon challenge
And ooo you never see me round it
And all too much money to count it
They like ooh you know your stuff
Baby, that's what's up
Got a girl in Virginia that look better than all your spouses
They like ooh you know your stuff
Baby, that's what's up
Got a girl in Virginia that look better than all your spouses


Down on your luck, down on your luck, down
Down on your luck, down on your luck, down, oh


I'm up this bitch, I got money to burn so she stacking her tits
Till I look in her face, and I put it away
I ain't throwing this money around
She think she's so bad
She don't know I had plenty bitches bad
Some of them ? but know that I keep a few dimes around
Girl, keep popping, keep popping
Don't stop till the money, ain't dropping
Body bad but don't face trance
I’m fucked up and I got cash
You're... so you need that
I'm a real nigga, so I feel that


Down on your luck, down on your luck, down
Down on your luck, down on your luck, down, oh
(Baby can't leave me alone, she been tryna' get me home)
(Now she wants the number to my phone, guess I really turned her on)
I say damn, put that mack down
Young dude, I put that mack down
What I do? I put that mack down
Bitch, I turn you when I put that mack down


Uh, ride me like a tea top
She give me top and bottom, now she screenshot
Your style gold like Chris drinking Ciroc
She like that dope D, I call it three rocks
Ok she down to taste it, get down, face it
Keep it on the low like what happens in Vegas
What happens in Vegas, yeah what happens in Vegas
She ain't never hit the strip but she quick to strip naked
I got a girl from the city, she be on a roll
Uh, good brains, give me honor roll
Whoa, and don't be taking too long
Wasting time and shit, you better take me home
Uh, and she say I'm a real nigga
Tell her boyfriend she don't wanna deal with him
Young nigga, ? mob, that's the cell in him
707, that's the field in him, ya




I put that mack down, why you calling for a peace treaty
Say she from Atlanta and she used to work on Peach Street
Ass like her auntie, aye lil' niecey'
Playing hard to get but I got that pussy so easy
Real talk, she got camel toe
No red light, man never that, shawty' go
Her pussy fat, baby ?
Let my dick sleep in the pussy like a bedbug
Shawty' so thick, yeah I might tip her
You might tip her? Oh I love them strippers
Yup, yup, boy I love them strippers
Tryna' be my face boo, but I met her on Twitter
Uh, so I hit her with a D.M
Come to find out she my old nigga B.M
Uh, she used to fuck with my nigga though
Well like D-Lo, I'mma get that ho


Nigga where you from, rep that shit (what)
Heart, Break, that's that clique (what)
I be riding sliding slipping and dipping
I'm about money clothes cars and women
And that's that
Chuck a deuce when you see me in the street nigga
Holla at me when you see me in the street nigga


Ride around my city like the only one
Niggas hating on me I don't understand
I'm from Fairfield rep it like the only one
Wouldn't waste a bullet on niggas cause this my only gun
Pull up 50 cars  in the radio
Punch a nigga for speaking retarded now he his radio
Trigger boy that's a flash like a camera gave you a cameo
Your bitch screaming she like the way, I should be sammy uh
S-A-G-E mister two hit wonder
I hit your bitch two times leave that bitch to wonder
A few party songs got a young  thunder
I got hella cheese waking bitches out they slumber
And I can really rap man I swear I could
I ain't gotta explain shit I just thought I should
And all my niggas carry gym and honor wood
Never been scared but I like the fact you thought I should
Bitch




10k for a verse
If there is money in my rear view I put it in reverse, uh
Life, ain't that a bitch
I'ma marry that girl bring her back to the Rich
Said it's Heart Break Gang just me and my homies
Pressing you squares no Sony
PlayStation haters need a vacations fast
Check so big that they can't pay in cash
You talk business I talk math
Cause nigga all I do is multiply and add
Joint so big it look like half
My arm all I smoke is gas
91 dressing like it's '91
Ain't a rapper better then me but I'ma find me one and sign him
Only wear designer
Nigga I be balling out the gym I be LeBron'ing




Most of these niggas be hating on a G
And they mad as fuck they ain't on like me
Yeah it's HBK ho stack that cheese
I be photo shooting fresh step back say cheese
More money blew so I don't stack green
Don't fuck with police but we both say freeze
You would think your girlfriend on a rock band spree
How she L-I-C-K-I-N-G, oh
Put me on a beat and 
All a hater see no snow Auto-Tune
Married to the game we are bride and groom
Took your girl made a movie I was coming soon
Thank the lord for the nice things
Me and my wrist went to the hood they think I'm ice cream
Money sky scrape, big site seeing
Too many Jordans think I should join the flight team


Slow down, grab the wall
Wiggle like you trying to make yo ass fall off
Hella thick I wanna smash 'em all
Now speed up, gas pedal 
Now speed up, gas pedal 


I put my foot down yeah that's the way it is
It's looking good now what you see is what you get
Neighborhood's hella jealous when they see the wheels
Pull up in the gun metal 'rari with a fresh fit
Gas pedal, gas pedal
Trying to keep up like adderall
I ain't even stressing no a-at all
So presidential I'm federal


I'm trying to get there, so when I get there
Imma make sure you won't forget babe
Hold on, don't sweat it babe
I saw the writing on your ass and yeah I read it babe
So hold on, you won't forget it babe
Yeah you know I'm ready if you ready baby
Gotta take the short route, pedal to the floor watch me peel out





It's going up, no explaining the escalator
I'm trying to keep this here alive the bay's respirator
Let 'em see me shine they call me one hit wonder now I'm at 3 times
I'm seeing big things now they want me blind
I’m in your girl phone, you ain’t even check archives
Kelly boy, HBK, I make songs like it's my last name I must be Trey
Ballin' like Dave Chappelle 
More money for the bay, and no we ain't gon pass the ball
Haters die slow and get your caskets tossed
Audi S7 sport pass 'em all
Speed up, gas pedal






I'm the bomb you can't disarm me
I need multiple cuts like a swiss army
And I hope that she ain't looking for no prince charming
Charm yo ass in the cab on the next morning
Tell the driver gas pedal, yo Suzy I got cash to blow
Follow the leader, in high school I was an under-achiever
Made haters believers, or beliebers, look at me sir
Went from nobodies to 20k for a feature
Eat your heart out used to take the bart out
To the city from my mom house, now I ball with my tongue out
Pull out my chain and think that the sun out
When you walk in the building the bitches run out
It should be already platinum before it come out
We should do it major look in the eyes of my haters they say





Holy shit!


Slow down, grab the wall
Wiggle like you tryna make yo ass fall off
Hella thick I wanna smash 'em all, now
Speed up, gas pedal , now
(You already know me, S-A-G-E)
Speed up, gas pedal 
(Look, ah)


Black money let them hoes say amen
I'm just tryna make it clear boy Ray-Bans
I'm a great man, whoa say a friend
I play a whole late night DJ amen
Room full of boppers, tell them give me topper
Beat it, beat it up, now no one hit the coppers
I'm S-A-G-E who would like to know?
Fee-Fi fo-fum large me in yo throat
West-side baby do what you do
And you got tail, what that shit do
It's, pretty nigga mobbing it's the way that I go
I'd be steppin' up in the club they make 'em drop to my shoe
And you mad cause I spoon, but I don't give a fork
Silverware a nigga out if he actin' a poor spork
Use a door grab a girl and get a yankin'
Got a booty like hoops I'm tryna make it
Whoa


Slow down, grab the wall
Wiggle like you tryna make yo ass fall off
Hella thick I wanna smash 'em all, now
Speed up, gas pedal
Gas pedal, gas pedal
Gas pedal, gas pedal
Speed up, gas pedal
Gas pedal, gas pedal


She a trick for a dollar bill
And her boyfriend a bitch call him Tyler Perry
Eugh, I'm in a black bat lookin' scary
On my way to the cake no bake Gary
Oops bakery, never been no fake in me
Lead her to the bathroom, she askin' where you takin' me
Uh, tell her slow down baby
I'm too turned up it's finna go down baby
When you hit the stage the people do a 180
When I hit the stage man the club wanna pay me
Uh, you niggas so fugazzi got a white bitch with me call that ho slim shady uh
Nigga 'su so crazy
Got two hoes with me make my old bitch hate me, uh
All about my payment, you say we gettin' money that's an understatement uh


Slow down, grab the wall
Wiggle like you tryna make yo ass fall off
Hella thick I wanna smash 'em all, now
Speed up, gas pedal
Gas pedal, gas pedal
Gas pedal, gas pedal
Speed up, gas pedal
Gas pedal, gas pedal

Lil' mama got sex appeal
I make her sing if she wanna get a record deal
What the shit do, it's finna get real
She got a booty so big it's like a Ferris Wheel

Lil' mama got sex appeal
I make her sing if she wanna get a record deal
What the shit do, it's finna get real
She got a booty so big it's like a Ferris Wheel


Slow down, grab the wall
Wiggle like you tryna make yo ass fall off
Hella thick I wanna smash 'em all, now
Speed up, gas pedal
Gas pedal, gas pedal
Gas pedal, gas pedal
Speed up, gas pedal
Gas pedal, gas pedal

Slow downOkay, so I'm looking at the Rap Song charts for last week, trying to figure out what to review, and I gotta say, I'm kinda happy with the top 5. Holy Grail's not too bad of a song, and it's number one. And the next three slots are taken up by all three of Macklemore's singles, Same Love being number two, which is awesome. Now, what song rounds out the top five of this list? A song called "Gas Pedal", by Sage the Gemini, featuring… IamSu…? So, this guy's on a short list of people who thought it was a good idea to have their rap name be a short sentence. Isn't that right, Souljaboy Tell'em. *shows pic of Souljaboy* Well? Tell em! But for real, who is this Sage the Gemeni and why is his song so high on the charts? Can't be name recognition, because I don't know anyone who's heard of him before. In fact, I haven't even heard this song before, but hey, if it's this high, the guy must have a real explosive single on his hands. Lemme check it out real quick!

*2 minutes later*

Well, that was terrible. Let's make fun of it!

*video intro*

Ever get the feeling rappers are taking themselves way too serious?

*beat starts*

No, yeah, this cheesy, 4 note beat was totally worthy of that ominous intro

H-h-h-holy shit!

I guarantee you nothing in this song warrants that much enthusiasm

Slow down, grab the wall
Wiggle like you tryna make yo ass fall off
Hella thick, I wanna smash them all, now
Speed up, gas pedal
Speed up, gas pedal , now
Speed up, gas pedal 

Remember when I said nothing in this song warrants that much enthusiasm. Yeah, Apparently Sage believes that, too. Really, are we still doing this "drain the energy from your voice in order to sound cool" thing? Because there's a difference between sounding like you're really cool, calm and in charge and sounding like you're... just really bored

I mean, dude, do you even wanna be here right now? Because, I don't need my party songs sounding like a mandatory activity that you're trying to get over with as soon as possible. At least when Tech N9ne puts on his serious voice, he still lets you know that whatever he's doing, he's liken' it

*"bout to Bubble": We're smokin', and drinkin', and humpin', and likin' it"*

With this chorus, I just get this feeling like he's trying to sound all mature and unaffected by the very idea of fun, which sends me the wrong vibe, because the one person I don't want to hang out with at a party is the douche bag who wants to act like he's too good to show an emotion beyond, "Maybe if I act like I don't care about anything, I can trick girls into thinking I'm interesting". He does pick up some energy in the verses, though, but by then, the spiritless tone of the music has already taken precedent

Black money let them hoes say amen
I'm just tryna make it clear boy Ray-Bans

Sunglasses don't improve your eye sight; they actually make things dimmer. I suppose he could be talking about the branch of that company that makes eyeglasses, but that's not usually what people think of when you say Ray-bans. Also, you tried to rhyme "amen" with "Ray-Bans", so, no points for you

I'm a great man

Who are you REALLY trying to convince, Sage the Gemeni? Me, or your Dungeons and Dragons rap name?

I play a hole every night DJ amen

Huh. I figured a golf pun would be in order for that play on words

I'm S-A-G-E who would like to know?

Nobody, in about 3 months

Fee-Fi fo-fum large me in yo throat *laugh*

*Ugh...*

West-side baby do what you do
And you got tail, what that shit do

What's funny is that, the first line here just sounds like a set-up line, you know, like when someone thinks up a cool punchline, but they can't find a clever way to set it up in the lyric before it, so they just insert a throwaway line that rhymes with the funnier following punchline. Except here, it's like he somehow forgot what that punchline was, and just said another filler line in it's place, which is great, because now we have two lines that aren't interesting...

And you mad cause I spoon, but I don't give a fork
Silverware a nigga out if he actin' a poor spork

I would give this line more credit if he didn't rhyme fork with spork, used "poor spork" as a crappy play on words for "poor sport"… and initially tried to justify his wordplay by awkwardly starting it with an out-of-place lyric where he brags about how dudes are mad that he "spoons". I mean, does "spooning" mean something else where this guy's from? Because as far as I can tell, he's bragging about guys being jealous of his cuddling abilities

Also, I gotta ask real quick: does anyone see a problem with the girls in this music video? Namely that they, uh… *shows girls stiff as statues* look, I'm not asking for you to show hardcore twerking or anything, but… for goodness sake's this is a music video for a song ABOUT girls shaking their asses! At least make it LOOK like somebody might want to dance to this! I mean, when you show all these girls in dark lighting, and posing like mannequins, I can't help but feel that it sends an even worse message. Like, these girls aren't allowed to have enough autonomy to at least LOOK as if they're having a good time. They can only be these sexy, expressionless trophies that he has in his collection. Say what you want about music video with girls in bikini's at backyard pools. At least it fits the mood! This, over all, is trying way too hard to be dark. You're a music video and song about girl's butts. Lighten up. No, seriously, I can barely make out what's happening in this video

Well, enough of that. Sage's verse is over, and now it's time for a boy named Su to spit his verse

She a trick for a dolla bill
And her boyfriend a bitch call him Tyler Perry... Eugh

Wow. Even YOU sound disappointed in that line. Like, Eugh… I didn't even try to rhyme that

I'm in the black bat lookin' scary
On my way to the cake no bake-ARY
Oops bakeries

Oh god, I hate when rappers do that: acknowledging that they said a word that ALMOST rhymed with the line before it, but instead of erasing it and starting again, they mispronounce it and then acknowledge their laziness with a cute little "OOPS! I MEANT to say this, tee-hee," and then continue the rhyme from there. I remember Method Man used to do this sometimes

Method Man:
*"Protect Ya Neck", "Sub crazy"*

Oh yeah, and… some other guy did it sometimes, too…

Lil Wayne:
*"You Ain't Got Nothin'" "Barry Bonds" "Run this Town" "Mr. Carter"*

I mean "bakery", never been no fakary
Lead her to the bathroom, she askin' where you takin' me
Uh, tell her slow down baby
I'm too turned up, it's 'bout to go down, baby

Wait, why are you telling HER to slow down, she's the one trying to figure out where YOU'RE going. As well, I love how his response to her question is basically, "Sorry, I'm too turned up, we have to have sex in this disgusting club bathroom. There ain't no other possible option!!!"

When you hit the stage the people do a 180

Are you still talking to that chick? …cause… you've given us no reason to think you're not still talking to that chick. And… it sounds like you're calling her ugly for some reason...

You niggas so fugazi got a white bitch with me call that ho slim shady

….Would… would your first name happen to be Stan? No, for real, what man refers to an attractive woman as a dude in any way, shape or form? And furthermore, why Slim Shady? Are there honestly… NO other famous white celebrities you could think of? Because, I think you're skipping a lot of details that go into people's heads when they hear someone make a comparison between two things. Because when you say that a girl reminds you of Eminem, the first thing I think is, "What, is she some crazy chick who bashes gay people and fantasizes about killing her girlfriend? I mean, really, why him? Just because he's white, and the girl you're talking about is white? Screw it, then, why stop there? Just go all out!

My chick's white, REAL white: Adolf Hitler

Okay, I think we're done here. Overall, I'd give this song a 0 out of 5. To me, it feels like these guys are just a step below being genuinely clever. Like, they flirt with the idea of making puns that work, but there's just a fundamental misunderstanding of how their wordplay is actually effecting the listener that makes their attempts awkward and unintentionally funny as soon as you so much as take a second glance at it. And furthermore, I…

*the video shows the guy getting up, and the girl with the stocking on her face, I look confused*

*He moves her arm*

…What the hell is going on in this video?

*he lifts her face up*

Why is she wearing that thing on her face?… What IS that thing on her face?

*He moves her some more*

Didn't I say something about how it seemed like these girls were nothing more than mannequins to him?… Yeah…

*She's paused, and then starts dancing

Well, I got my wish of wanting to see some dance in this video...

* She then puts her head down again*

The fu… Anyways, I'm the Rap Critic, you don't have to like my opinion, but I missed when rappers didn't hide their sexual objectification behind artistic pretentiousness
Gotta be down for the click, alright
Gotta be down for the click, alright
Gotta be down for the click (x6)
Woooaahh,ohhhhhh (x3)


She shaking insane
I swear she making a name
Fuck with a popular brain
HBK be the gang
I'm never breaking the lane
But, I be breaking this mane
I never talk to a bitch, unless she making some change
Down for the click, if it came up
Got the whole bay changed up
Put the city on the map, you can blame us
I'm tryna change the bus to a bang bus
You gotta be down what I'm down for
I can leave you singing like an alto
Imma be better than them others do ya
Put it on the team cause we making movies
So tell me if your down, cause I'm down to
We ain't like none fo them niggas that you use to
It's the Heart Break Gang when we come through
If you ready for whatever baby fall through




Cause she wanna break it down for the gang
Tell her partners hang with us
Drank with us, smoke with us
Cause we ain't no broke niggas
Getting money like the white kids in Blankcheck
Fuck off some racks, cause we make it back
Some of them try to ball, but they can't ball like this
Everything I spit is Cocem, get an eight ball of this
Rolex all on  wrist, I be shinin'
And it's Heart Break the click and we be grindin'


If you bring your girlfriend, then you messed up
She delivery that good dome, she Fedexed up
No handcuffs, step off, who next up
Got your girlfriend in the game with both her legs up
I be in your girl like Mr. Motion
In it, posin', swerving it, ghostin'
She lovin' the money, but do not get the holdin'
I pull it out and let her hold it




I need a girl down with the click
Sippin' hella Jammie, pourin' rounds and we sip
Profound, hella thick, with a grip that will benefit
If you ain't tallking money, you irrelevant
I'm hella been, with the HBK Gang
If you ain't fucking then bitch you can't hang
Three's up high and we banging the same
Ain't nothing changed
But the numbers by the name
I hope we change it for the fame
Tell her bring some weed cause that shit is essential
And if she don't smoke then she don't meet my credentials
I'm just gettin' money, dressed in that ill shit
And I tend to kill shit, school them as a field trip
Coolin' with my niggas and i'm getting high
And you lame niggas barely even gettin' by
And if she wanna be down and live her life
We just tryna get it my nigga
So let get it right




Remember me, remember me
Remember me, remember me
I'm yelling, cool bro, bitch I'm a nerd
I'm yelling, cool bro, bitch I'm a nerd
I'm yelling, cool bro, bitch I'm a nerd
I'm yelling, cool bro, bitch I'm a nerd
Remember me, remember me
Fuck the cool crowd, bitch I'm a nerd
This is not a high school the cool crowd absurd


Pull up look like million bucks
I don't ride solo million trucks
Whole team flyer than million ducks
Team quack that paper a million blunts
Nowadays girls get meaner
Call her a B, she has no stinger
Remember me, Freshman you Senior
That's my  and my eyes are greener
Shoes a little cleaner, thought you heard
Fuck the cool crowd, bitch I'm a nerd
A nigga got money now you don't think I'm a perv
This is not high school the cool crowd absurd




Walking around campus at break time
Niggas saying he's back like a Mace line
There was bitches there thicker than a steak fry
But I couldn't get head on FaceTime
They used to treat a nigga like a step child
I felt like that white dude on 8 Mile
If-If you said I could hit I'm footing 8 miles
I'm just keeping it G now I'm pimping throughout 8 towns
Now I know these niggas hate me
Young nigga getting fans like A/C
And girls I keep a bunch like Brady
And collect every penny like J. C


Real nigga with this shit
Every bitch here wanna suck my dick (hell yeah)
And the niggas wanna fuck my bitch
They be saying "That motherfucker there, that's a badd motherfucker"
Badd, that motherfucker there, that's a bad motherfucker
Badd, that motherfucker there, that's a bad motherfucker
Hell yeah, bad motherfucker, hell yeah
Hell yeah, bad motherfucker, hell yeah, badd


Uhhhhh, I heard you was looking for me
Well, you found me biotch
Talking shit i'll take your girlfriend home
Slap my nigga on the hand and tell my nigga "let's swiotch"
Pretty nigga, bad boy no P. Diddy
Got a problem, got a piece that'll free cities (badd)
If you ain't starve with me you don't eat with me
Niggas always buggin' only real niggas leave with me, ugh
On the mob it's a job, once a rot now i'm hot
I'm on top, boy i'm wet, where the mop? You a knock
Knock-knock door locked
Bitch you ain't coming in if a girl coming out it




Hello, hello, hello
Where you at?
How you on it if your name ain't in it?
How you winning if your game ain't in it?
Send a message with your name straight in it
Cause a message ain't a message if Sage ain't in it


I'm with my brother Smoovy looking like a movie
Couple dimes tryna' do me and they don't know me (badd)
They listen to my tunes and they go loony
Start going ape-shit like they stole a zoo key
On the mob it's a job, once a rot now i'm hot
I'm on top, boy i'm wet, where the mop? You a knock
Knock-knock door locked
Bitch you ain't coming in if a girl coming out it




All this time I spent walking in deserts of mirages
All this time I spent walking in deserts of mirages


Putting time in the cup
For an unsteady hand to be patiently waiting to waste it, yeah
Never thought I’d have a girl run with two boyfriends
Leave her, get rich and now that bitch is chasing, yeah
Funny how the tables turn like DJ Experience
Same girls that turn me down
They trying to experiment, damn
Desert full of mirages
Think something is real
Come closer to know you lost it
I only love you for flossing
Riding for the rims that’s glossing
All they know is green
Watch NBA root for Boston
Never care what its costing
But are you good enough
You care neither by now you lost it, huh?
This thing called happiness Imma find you
Tired of cop lights being freedom til they behind you
All these songs talking about what’s on your wrist, how could it blind you?
When really blinding themselves from unsolved feelings inside you




I can never love another dancer from the club
Or bring another friend around the plug
I lost a lot of money cause of trust
Eat a slug
A hundred grand flat
If you really need the dub
Back to fake friends when you’re broke
Imma laugh told you (shit)
And the other (shit) probably wouldn’t last
Pretty bitches and cash, this European is fast
This long flight got me up all night
Warm gin in my glass
I had the craziest past
A bunch of bitches nah
I was really in the A
I was getting them off
I might dip in it raw
But wouldn’t kiss it at all
Take a sniff of this to shit
And make you wiggle your jaw
We fell out and I ain’t seen you again
How you been?
Me, I’m thirty toes down in Las Vegas my friend
A new Benz, few spots
Cold bottle, two shots
Long walks got me thinking too much




All this time I spent walking in (desert of mirages)
All this time I spent (I spent) desert of mirages
Its only been awhile (and I just want to see you smile)
I can’t go without saying (without saying)
You’re not unknown now
Ooo your love has got me (got me)
I just want to see (to see)
Yeah your love has got me (got me)
I just want to see
Oooo oo oo oo ooo
Oooo oo oo ooo
Yeah, yeah!


Money cars clothes freaks
Bitch I need all that give it up
Money cars clothes freaks
Bitch I need all that give it up
Give it up, give it up
Bitch I need all that give it up
Give it up, give it up
Bitch I need all that give it up


Money cars clothes bars blow
Bunch of drug money stuffed in my car
Go, high when I let baby for the skin
All my girls sleep with many many men
Give me ends
I'm dice god, 100 pounds
How I'm so on and I'm underground
Why these pretty ass bitches give me money now
Just to come around lay it down yeah 100 round
I'm talking about cash yeah you know me
I was shipping OG, OT in '03
Rollie on my wrist sit on chrome feet
I'm FedEx Berner I got my own trees
We ain't love no bopper
We just stash gram bags of Parada in our locker
My shoe game proper, they call me big papa
If I knock her I'ma take her for every single dollar
Give it up




HBK Gangster, overdrive Jeep Wrangler
The beat strangler, ooh
Play the card but don't be a tangler
Niggas hate but they girl don't want me a stranger
Should of known real niggas
I don't digiorno I deliever
She wanna put my watch on that's that (Le-Chiver?)
She exit the car after he enter
Speaking in third person, I'm straight like perm purchase
My name big go search it
New rims no I curbed them
Ball harder than Ervin
Sprewellin how I'm spending this Dirt cheap
Kill em with the oh, carrier of bad news
Toxic rap to get rid of the fumes
Yo ho I'm a goon, 707
Step in the building women thinking that they in heaven




Young mack I'm what you heard about
Your bitch a freak that's the word around
Heart Break Gang yeah it's murder now
Every show yeah we burn it down
Me and Sage go way back
Hit him on the head, homie don't play that
Baby talking down, but they don't say that
I need them double M's I ain't talking about Maybach
Uh, I need all that shit
She don't even get a text and you call that bitch
You a simp mother fucker I can call that shit
See my gold chains and she all on dick
Uh, aye boy I don't play boy
I been around the world I'm still a Bay boy
Got your girl in my hand like a GameBoy
She ain't fucking me for free but you pay for it


I'm gone shine
I'm gone shine
I'm gone shine
I'm gone shine
All the time
All the time
All the time
All the time
I'm gone stunt
I'm gone stunt
I'm gone stunt
I'm gone stunt
All I want
Niggas gone have to be mad at me
Niggas gone have to be mad at me
Niggas gone have to be mad at me


I've been on my job since birth
I'll let you hate, if you tell me what it's worth
Living good, but you will get murked
I like blank tees, i don't want you on the shirt, uh
But it ain't gotta be like that
We can all stunt together, we can all get stacks
If you don't like me imma still aim fat
If you don't like me, imma still give back
Imma stunt, imma floss, yeah all dat
Roll up, Coupe, with the top back
If you mad, change your face, tell the Shmop pack
Dats Kool John bruh, you should cop dat
Niggas, you mad cause i got far
So much ice on the left, rolls the right arm
Six girls on the left and the right arm
Take them to bed, say goodnight yall




These nigga keep playin' me, i tell them game on
Something like the fridge uh, i stay on
On the opposite of what they on, yea'
She on the nuts, still hang on
Bottoms of a Baghdad, cause is stink on it yea'
Islam, national, underground
Thunderpound, that shit you like, i create the sound
Fake friends wanna run their mouth
They didn't get it then, understand it now


If I don't have a Benz, I'm gone get it now
I don't have a thing, but I'm gone hand it out
I don't message these chicks, cause they run their mouth
Now a young nigga rich, imma say it loud
(I don't message these chicks, cause they run their mouth
Now a young nigga rich, imma say it loud)



I look at the bigger picture
I walk around my hood and take pictures
Pockets bigger
Puttin' on for my hood for these niggas
But they be hatin' on a nigga
Yeah, yeah, they be hatin' on a nigga
Yeah, I like that



Doing these interviews, saying where my heart is
I'm from Fairfield and niggas still mock me the hardest
Just because I can't help you niggas be artists
And got the nerve to tell me don't forget where I started
I know where I started nigga thats the bottom
Tryna buy equipment where money was the problem
I can outsmart em'
Me and my brother Cadence
Both thirteen tryna clean nigga's places
Just to buy our first microphone at Gordon's
Around this time you niggas
Wouldn't think to record shit
Sage wasn't important, I don't know you niggas
Remember I used to say, "I'ma show you niggas"
MTV, a few songs on the billboards
You niggas still at home hangin' out with your real boys
And I'm the man, you niggas are still boys
And I'm big on niggas ears like keloids





I got a few wins under a young nigga's belt
I understand you feel like I'm the easiest help
I'm trying to own the whole house listen to me well
Because sometimes your foot in the door just don't help
I can't help you if I'm tryna help myself
Get off my chest I can't invest with no wealth
Like I said, most of yall' wasn't there when I started
Might of made it, but on paper I'm still a new artist
The reason I got a name from when it was dry, or it pouring
I was tryna make beats past four in the mornin'
Not under bitches who be drinking and smokin'
But under the PC, hella' slow when it's loadin'
The message for you niggas, when I'm done and they're homeless
Don't be hatin' when I can't help put you on
Strive for the spot till the struggle is gone
But even then, work harder until the struggle is foreign
Hah




What's happening though, man?
My nigga S-A-G motherfucking E
This your bro Shady Bo nigga
Ain't out there right now to see you shine bruh but you good
I'll be free soon. I See you doing your thing, lil bruh
You came a long, long, long long way nigga
As long as you stick nigga, Yeah nigga 15 nigga, 16 nigga
You ain't lit up bruh
Keep your foot on the gas, bruh
And some hatin' ass, be hatin', bruh
Just do you bruh
You are a tank nigga
Just keep on doin it bruh
I'll be home to see you sign the stone, nigga formal nigga
Legend, nigga
I'm sorry for what I did, Please baby come home
And I'm gonna make it up to ya by the end of this song
And I been alone, since you been gone, baby
Just a kiss (3X)
Just a kiss (3X)
All it takes is one, all it takes is one


Yeah
Mentally been pushing away
My past got me feeling some way
I've been tryna get better
But I always up or out of the states
Came home calling you babe
Number changed, I'm kinda late
Fears of you with another man
But I hope you're listening I gotta say
Excuse me from my absence
Things bad but I ain't been asking
Been working like a movie
So I hope you ain't been casting
You ain't even sleeping
You call, I'm in a meeting
Can't talk I'm meeting greeting
You don't need this treatment
So




Okay
Feel me, when I say this
Your attention, I ain't paid it
All it takes is achings
And I hope it makes the A list
I've been acting all boring
And I ain't worried about scoring
But you do got the million dollar body
Now that is Forbes list
You've been down since day one
You still down when the day's done
Girl you kill it like Jason
Your  like 
Girl you got your game face on but take that shit off
Hard work dealing with this bullshit
Now it's time for your day off

